Conversation 487

Customer: Dear Hi,

Yesterday, I had a discussion with Stephan regarding the following steps:

Subscribing to your service – this has been completed.
Requesting the implementation of Hungarian language and voice. I’d like to kindly ask for a female voice, if possible.
Verifying if Hungarian phone numbers can be provided.
Could you please assist me with the next steps for these requests? Let me know if you need any further details from my side.

Thank you for your help!
Agent: Hello!
Sure, we will work on the above and get back to you
Customer: One more thing: I am trying to use my phone number. But the system is autocorrecting it: 
My number: +36 20 225 0508
System autocorrect: +36 06 20 225 0508
And of course on that number I do not receive the call. 
Agent: What type of number do you have?
Customer: Hungarian mobil phone - normal one.
It look like that the system is not famalier with Hungarian phone number format. +36 XX XXX XXXX
Customer: It puts a 06 into it but that is not needed
Agent: I will check that also 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Hello! Hungarian has been added to the platform, please check and let me know!
Customer: Hi, 
Ok, one male voice works
Customer: I couldn't try the assistant yet because of the phone number issue. Could you please check that? 
Agent: Can you try setting 00 instead of 06?
Customer: In this case it shows the number correctly but It write "The your phone number must be a valid phone number."
Agent: Alright, let me check further
Agent: Let me try to manually validate it, ok?
Agent: Are you still here so I can send you the code?
Agent: You should have received a code on SMS
Agent: Please send it here
Agent: You can also use a free test number from the platform. Set your assistant as outbound and click this button
Customer: I havent received the code yet
Customer: Yes, I tried to use the test, but I could not enter my number as a target to call. :) 
Agent: It is very weird, we did not have this issue before. Do you have any other hungarian phone number to test?
Customer: Yes, I tried it does not work. 
Customer: Is is possible to change the input format in the system. Correct format:  +36 20 225 0508
Agent: Happy new year!
Agent: Sure, this is for mobile phone numbers?
Customer: Yes, it is a mobile number
Customer: Do you have any feedback? 
Agent: Hello! the team is adding this exception to the platform
Customer: Ok, thanks! Please let me know if it is ready. 
Agent: Sure

-------------------

Conversation 501

Customer: can i change the language to german on the monitor for the display
Agent: The platform interface is available only in English. To change the language of the interface we have a custom service that can be applied on your white label platform for your users to see or you can use a browser extension to translate to your language
Customer: what does it cost me if you send me a company so that i can test the software 
Customer: I mean campanie
Customer: a test campaign
Customer: can you do that for me
Customer: hello are you there
Customer: i can't find a phone number for greece
Agent: Hello!
Agent: This message was deleted
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Agent: Here it covers the campaigns too
Agent: Have you succeeded in doing the setup?
Customer: I am not satisfied with the Greek voice; it is too artificial. Can you add other voices besides the four you already have in Greek? 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We use Elevenlabs as our voices provider which is the best in the world. Feel free to provide us voice IDs  from elevenlabs if you find a voice that you want to use
Agent: Also you can clone your own directly from our platform
Customer: how to clone the voice 
Agent: Click on the purple clone voice button above voices selector

-------------------

Conversation 518

Customer: Hello, I have just subscribed to the platform, I do not see the functionality to connect his SIP account with his number as stated on the site. 
Customer: And how to add documents to knowledge base ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: I can help you with that 
Agent: Can you send me your sip connection details?
Agent: Address, username, password and extension 
Customer: Is it possible to connect sip ? 
Agent: And I will add it to your account 
Agent: Yes, of course 
Customer: Okay let's do that another day with my technical service if you can
Customer: And for knowledge base ?
Agent: Sure 
Agent: For knowledge base we will release in the platform an interface to add your docs, until then you can send them here and I will attach them to your ai 
Customer: Right, because at the moment I have to admit that I don't really understand how the platform works. We need a solution for incoming calls to answer as many questions as possible. 
Agent: Sure 
Customer: But from what I understand, this is not yet possible with site integration, pdf documents, etc. 
Agent: You can send your faqs and all info here 
Customer: We had also seen on your site the possibility of connecting Hubspot 
Agent: It is, but it’s easier to send them here and I will link it to your assistant 
Agent: Yes, we have hubspot aswell 
Customer: How to connect hubspot ?
Agent: From the automation platform
Customer: D'accord puis-je vous recontacter demain pour faire des test en conditions réelles ?
Agent: Bien sûr !

-------------------

Conversation 514

Customer: Hey why is that
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Did it happen multiple times?
Customer: Hey, does Not expect that somebody answers
Customer: but yeah
Customer: happy new year btw
Customer: Whish you Health and luck
Customer: the Problem is, that Ute phonebot also needs a Long time to answer on the phone when the Customer says the number
Agent: Happy new year!
Agent: Can you send a call link to check that?
Customer: How do i do that
Agent: Go on a call history where this happened and send me the link
Customer: Sometimes i also have to repead Numbers multiple times
Customer: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/30862
Customer: That i repeaded it multiple times was not schön in the script
Customer: It would be helpful if wie could tap the Numbers into the phonepanel
Customer: You can Head it in the audio
Customer: *hear
Customer: i already shortened to 40
Customer: Ok i fixed it
Customer: but the bot is bad in math
Agent: You can choose a more accurate engine in the settings 
Agent: For better math 
Customer: The LLM Temperatur has helles a Bit. Do you mean the Slow Mode Version?
Customer: +helped
Customer: +
Customer: *
Customer: Hey
Customer: i Need help to implement my Template for the email into the no code platform
Customer: Ok got it i think. After 6h
Agent: Good job! it works now for you?
Customer: Yeah but the Layout in Inline css is Not that cool
Customer: Would be better in html.
Agent: Its important what the user receives
Agent: Does it look in gmail client?

-------------------

Conversation 437

Customer: Does Filipino language works here?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, Filipino works!
Customer: It will work with starter plan to if its good?
Agent: Filippino needs to be custom added by our team and will need at least pro plan to be activated
Agent: The process takes few hours to have it available
Customer: Is there any free trial first? Your competitors has it like closerX Ai and Callfluent Ai
Customer: I need to take pro plan in order to use Filipino language?
Customer: Hello anybody?
Agent: Hello 
Agent: Yes
Agent: Our team will make Filipino available in your account after you activate the pro plan 
Customer: any customer service assistance after I take pro plan to set it up?
Agent: Yes, I will be here to guide you with your flows 
Customer: Hi I subscribe already and I would like to change the language in Filipino
Agent: Great, I will forward to the team to make it available in your account
Customer: ok thank you, how to find out if already added?
Agent: I will update you here, is it fine for you?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Alright
Agent: Hello! Good news. Fillipino has been added
Agent: Let me know your feedback!
Customer: ok thanks
Customer: Can I have schedule to help me with setting up my account?
Agent: Hello! It’s faster and more efficient if you let me know your queries here 
Agent: In the meantime I will share some resources with you 
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Agent: https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4
Customer: Hi Stefan what about appointment scheduling how to set it up? 
Customer: Hi there
Agent: Hello! To setup appointment scheduling you can use cal.com which is a free service and can be used as a middleware for lots of calendars like google, Microsoft, apple and others 
Customer: Hi Roxana can you check my account if functional now? What I'm missing?
Agent: I will take a look 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: I see you have an assistant with our template for car towing notification
Agent: What is the objective of your assistant?
Customer: To call businesses, engineers and architects to offer our services as a contractor
Agent: And what are your services? You will have to specifically describe what the AI needs to do, otherwise it will guess and give wrong answers
Customer: we do modular cabinets, tiles setter, plumbing, and electrical job
Agent: You can adjust your prompt and explain exactly all of this in detail there
Agent: This way the AI will know what is his goal and also understand more about what you do
Agent: You can start using this template
Agent: And adjusting the text here
Customer: ok, can i test the assistant?
Agent: Yes, but right now you have a flow for car towing which will need to be edited to behave like you described
Agent: You can click here to call yourself and do a test. I also attached a phone number to your assistant from your existing ones instead of using a random one
Customer: ok thanks, where can i find the editing part?
Agent: In prompt and tools tab
Customer: from Identity to steps I need to edit?
Customer: what is webhook URL?
Agent: That is for automating specific actions after a call has been ended. You can disable it and leave it blank for now
Agent: Yes, you will have to change the whole text filling with your details and flow by following the example there
Agent: You can first start with this template and modify it since its closer to what you need in the end
Customer: what does it mean variable?
Customer: can I call you thru watsapp?
Agent: I can help you only through chat. Variable is customer data that can be injected or extracted from/to the call 
Agent: A great example is the customer name 
Customer: Hi Roxana, can you review account here now if I need something to modify?
Agent: Hello! I will check it and let you know 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You need to change your initial message to something more generic
Agent: Hello, Sir/ma'am kamusta po?
Agent: This is read as it is by the agent, can you set it to something that applies to both genders?
Agent: I also saw that you did some tests. Since I dont understand the language, whats your feedback on that?
Customer: I just notice when I tested it, there is a moment of silent after I said a word.
Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello 
Agent: Can you turn on use filler audios?
Agent: Should be faster 
Customer: Hi Roxana, ok I see
Customer: How to set up for inbound call?
Agent: Do you have a phone number already?
Agent: Caller id works only for outbundn
Customer: yes US phone number
Agent: Then you can attach it to your assistant and set the type to inbound 
Agent: And when you call the number the ai will answer 
Customer: I can call the US number?
Agent: Yes, but first configure it to associate it to the ai 
Agent: In the assistant settings 
Customer: If I will call from Philippines using my local number and my cellphone will workz/
Agent: Yes
Customer: it will charge long distance]
Agent: It depends on your carrier 
Agent: You can try and see what is the rare 
Agent: Rate 
Customer: can I use local phone number here in the Philppines
Agent: I need to check first 
Customer: ok thanks
Customer: any answer?
Agent: Yes, I just checked.
Agent: They need to be custom provisioned because they require company documents to be validated
Customer: How to do that?
Agent: This is a process that is handled by us
Customer: ok please do so
Agent: You will need to send us:   
1. Certificate of registration showing the business registration number   
2. Mayors permit showing local address
Agent: 3. Certificate of registration of business name Department of Trade & Industry Phillipines OR Certificate of Registration from Securities and Exchange Commission Philippines
Agent: You need to upload it here so our team will take care of this process for you and I will update you regarding it
Agent: https://tally.so/r/nGDRee
Customer: ok I'll send it to you in a while
Agent: Upload it in the form please
Customer: ok thanks
Customer: Please check it
Agent: You need to upload all 3 documents I shared above to this link <https://tally.so/r/nGDRee>
Agent: Not only that invoice
Customer: send already
Agent: great, our team will process them and I will get back to you
Agent: This usually takes 24-48 hours to complete
Customer: how to set up inbound calls and how to test it?
Agent: Do you want to set it up on your US number until the Philippine ones will be provisioned?
Customer: Yes please when the Philippine number will be available?
Agent: Hello! I will setup your assistant for inbound on us number and I will check the status of Philippine number in parallel 
Customer: Hi Roxana ok thanks
Customer: also how to adjust the Max silence duration? I can not adjust it there is silence about 5 seconds
Agent: Hello!
Agent: I have changed your agent for inbound on this number **+1 270-778-0070**
Agent: Your number for philippine is still processing. the carriers rejected the documents and the team resubmited 
Customer: Ok thanks, Let me know if the Philippine number is ready to use.
Agent: Sure!
Customer: 😄 
Customer: any update?
Agent: it has been rejected, can you provide a new Certificate of registration of business name Department of Trade & Industry Phillipines?
Customer: Ok let me find it.
Customer: Hi Roxana
Agent: Hello! I have submitted to the team to update
Customer: When do you think will work the number?
Customer: how to set up the campaigns?
Agent: You can check this video, it covers campaigns too
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Agent: Your documents have been accepted. What area code do you want for your new number?
Agent: https://console.twilio.com/us1/develop/phone-numbers/manage/search?isoCountry=PH&types%5B%5D=Local&types%5B%5D=Mobile&types%5B%5D=Tollfree&capabilities%5B%5D=Sms&capabilities%5B%5D=Voice&capabilities%5B%5D=Fax&searchTerm=&searchFilter=left&searchType=number
Customer: My mobile number 0947 990 1770
Agent: I mean for your new number
Agent: **+63 82 229 3660 is good for example?**
Customer: +63 947
Agent: this is not available, the need to be local
Customer: Just give me any available number, that would be fine with me.
Agent: Hello! Our team tried to provision the number for you but your payment method didnt work. Please add a valid payment method as default method into your account and let me know so they can try again
Customer: Its been a month I been trying to use your platform and still now no set up properly. No even phone support. I'm thinking if i'm gonna continue my subscription with you guys.
Agent: Hello!
Agent: It’s holidays in our country these days but even with it we still tried to make it right for you 
Agent: Your number is ready to add to your account but a subscription for it needs to be created and our team couldn’t do it 
Agent: Please read the message above so we can finish the phone number thing 
Agent: The delay was coming from our carriers and invalid documents that you submitted the first time, which needed more time for review 
Agent: Is there anything else beside phone number which is waiting for your action that we missed for you?
Customer: Can you do a phone support?
Customer: Happy New Year, happy Holidays.
Agent: I can escale it to our team if needed
Agent: Happy new year!
Agent: Have you proceeded with the requested above to finish the phone number provision?
Customer: I hope we can sort everything together and get everything running. So we can you use everything in once
Customer: Its  better to have phone support so it will be faster response, not waiting for reply.
Agent: I ll have to forward to Stefan so it can help you with it

-------------------

Conversation 517

Customer: Can I access the automate platform
Agent: Hello! 
Customer: hi
Agent: Yes, you will have access to the no code automation platform 
Agent: Its similar to zapier and make 
Customer: But i can't access anything here because I'm on a free account
Agent: We don’t have free or trial accounts 
Agent: You will have to activate a plan first 
Agent: We only have the free test call on our landing 
Customer: Oh. I wanted to see what I can automate. But I guess I'll find another tool then
Agent: We have over 300 tools available 
Agent: What do you want to automate?
Customer: Where can I see what 300 tools there are?
Agent: We have hubspot, ghl, sheets Facebook and lots more 
Agent: Which one interests you?

-------------------

Conversation 348

Customer: Do you have a free trial?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We do not have trial or free accounts. Only the free test call on our landing page 
Customer: Hi
Customer: Ok
Customer: If i bought the starter plan, i can upwrade latter and the amount i pay first is counted or not?
Agent: Yes, you can upgrade. The credits are not added, BUT you pay less on the new plan 
Agent: So it will be new plan price - first plan price 
Agent: What plan are you interested to upgrade?
Customer: I think i tried the cheaper plan an upgrade to the secomd one, once i tried
Customer: Do you have a shopify integration?
Agent: Yes, we do have Shopify integration in the no code platform
Customer: How is that?
Agent: One moment 
Agent: This is the Shopify tool for no code platform similar
Agent: It has a lot of actions you can use 
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Agent: Also this is a video explaining more complex flows on inbound e-commerce using woo commerce (can be replaced with Shopify)
Customer: Wow
Customer: awesome
Customer: How i can use a mexicos phone number?
Agent: Some areas require documentation to be sent (company documents) for review. Let me check for Mexico if it’s not shown already in the platform 
Customer: Yes please
Agent: I checked and for Mexico it requires you to send "Business registration showing local address"
Agent: https://tally.so/r/nGDRee
Agent: You can upload the document here and our team will take care of the process of review and provisioning
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello!
Customer: Hi
Customer: the calls are not working good 
Customer: the ia are acting erratic and whitout sense
Agent: Hello!
Customer: you can rewiew the last calls and they are bad
Agent: Can you send me a link to a call that was not good?
Customer: Yes
Customer: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/32051
Customer: Is not the first case we notice that 
Agent: Thank you 
Agent: I will review it 
Agent: But the automation is better right?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Can you try disabeliing this option?
Agent: It should work better
Customer: Ok

-------------------

Conversation 473

Customer: salve 
Agent: Hello! I am Roxana, how can I help you today? 
Customer: quanto ci vuole per il numero in italiano ? 
Agent: Ho appena controllato ed è ancora in fase di revisione. Non preoccupatevi, vi aggiornerò una volta terminata la revisione
Customer: ok grazie 🙂 
Agent: 🙏
Customer: salve 
Customer: è online ? 
Customer: dove lo trovo il numero ? 
Agent: I documenti sono stati convalidati e ora abbiamo richiesto un numero per l'Italia. Vi aggiornerò quando sarà disponibile sul vostro conto
Agent: Grazie per l'attesa
Customer: ok ok va bene .. pensavo fosse già disponibile ... riusciamo entro il week end ? 
Agent: Speriamo di essere disponibili entro domani
Customer: nulla ancora vero ? 😐 
Agent: Mi dispiace, è ancora in fase di elaborazione, questo è il messaggio dei vettori
Agent: We are working on it and will provide an update as soon as possible.  
  
I sincerely appreciate your patience.

Best Regards,  
Monisha  
Technical Support Engineer
Customer: salve .. avrei una domanda ma è possibile effettuare il sip trunk ? 
Agent: Sì, puoi integrare il tronco del sorso. Dovrai fornirci i dettagli di connessione per la tua estensione
Agent: Stiamo ancora aspettando i tuoi numeri italiani. Penso che a causa delle vacanze ci voglia un po' più di tempo
Agent: Ciao! Il Natale è arrivato per te su Autocalls e il tuo numero (+390809958476) è stato assegnato con successo al tuo account. Per favore, controlla e fammi sapere se è tutto a posto
Customer: purtroppo non riesco a trovare la variabile url .. avete una documentazione piu precisa o se mi indicate i passaggi da fare ? 
Agent: Potete vederlo qui
Customer: no forse mi sono spiegato male 
Customer: vorrei ottenere il link o l'ID della chiamata come in questo caso 
( https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/30509 ) 
Customer: sarebbe comodo averlo tramite webhook ... in questa maniera avrei sotto mano la registrazione e tutti i dettagli dell'ordine 
Agent: Per creare il link dovrai restituire l'URL della stringa codificata e allegare l'ID di chiamata alla fine, fammi sapere se funziona
Customer: è proprio questo punto .. non so come si fa .. mi potreste aiutare ?
Customer: purtroppo la documentazione è priva di ogni esempio 
Agent: L'ho sistemato per te, per favore controlla
Customer: perfetto grazie ... mi scuso se richiedo sempre assistenza ma la documentazione è priva di queste caratteristiche ... 
per caso è presente il link che permette di scaricare direttamente il downoad dell'audio ?
Agent: Al momento non c'è, ma chiederò al team di aggiungerlo
Customer: buongiorno e buon anno :D 
sto iniziando i vari test .. sembra funzionare tutto alla grande . ho provato a far chiamare un altro numero ma il webhook non sembra avere la sintassi corretta :

"{\"key\": \"Autocalls\",\n  \"statochiamata\": \"completed\",\n  \"numero\": \"+393457780247\",\n  \"riassunto\": \"10 Fardelli amata\n1 conca zero\n1 cassa di birra Peroni\nFascia oraria: dalle quindici alle diciassette\",\n  \"orario\": \"dalle quindici alle diciassette\",\n  \"ordine\": \"10 Fardelli amata\n1 conca zero\n1 cassa di birra Peroni\",\n  \"richiamata\": \"\",\n  \"notecliente\": \"Portare\",\n  \"url\": \"https:\/\/app.autocalls.ai\/calls\/31387\",\n  \"idchiamata\": \"31387\"\n}"

presenta questi /n che non mi fanno leggere correttamente il json . come mai . attendo vostre :D 
Agent: Hello 
Agent: Buon anno nuovo! Lo esaminerò e controllerò cosa succede, ma penso che dovrai aggiungere un ciclo per aggiungere tutti i valori in chiaro. Lascia che controlli prima e ti aggiornerò
Agent: Ciao! Puoi controllare ora? Ho cambiato il tipo di richiesta in raw e ho mappato i dati, fammi sapere!
Customer: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/31387
questa è l'id della chiamata .. 

continua a darmi lo stesso problema ... è un caso isolato ma comunque non vorrei si riscontrasse con altre chiamate 

-------------------

Conversation 515

Customer: Hello. 
Would it be possible to refund my membership? I did not use it at all, since I ended up going for another solution.
Also, I did not know that you had to rent phone numbers.
Agent: Hello! We do not offer refunds on our plans since resources have already been allocated. Im sorry to hear that, may I know what made you switch to another solution? Maybe there is something that can be fixed
Customer: No need, in this case. 
Thank you anyway, happy new year!
Agent: Happy new year! We put a lot of effort into our services and wish to satisfy all of our customers. Because of this, your feedback has a lot of value to us to understand what was wrong so we can learn and improve!

-------------------

Conversation 503

Customer: Can I have a Greek number?
Agent: Hello! For greek phone number it will require to be custom provisioned by us to the carriers and also review your company documents
Agent: This process is entirely handled by us for you but on higher plans
Agent: In the meantime you can use caller ID or SIP trunk if you already have a greek phone number
Customer: Can you please briefly explain to me what the ‘Automate Platform’ is? 
Agent: It is our no code platform similar to zapier and make if it sounds familiar 
Customer: No, I don't know what you can do with it. 
Agent: We have integrations with over 250 popular apps like hubspot google sheets Facebook leads and more 
Agent: I can share some videos with it
Agent: https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Customer: Can you tell me in a few words what could cause this?
Agent: What do you mean? An example is:
New lead in Facebook campaign or hubspot -> make call using assistant in your account 
Customer: why when I chat with my assistant, he doesn't greet me the way I typed it
Customer: his first answer is not the one I entered
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, the greeting is generic 
Agent: The initial message is only played on calls

-------------------

Conversation 349

Customer: Hi, i want a phone numer from mexico
Customer: How i get it?
Agent: Hello! I responded to you in the other chat
Agent: You need to upload here your company registration documents showing local address in Mexico 
Agent: <https://tally.so/r/nGDRee>
Agent: Our team will take care of the whole process of reviewal 
Customer: i will made it
Customer: i send the request, how long takes for a response?
Agent: It takes around 24-48 hours for carriers to process it
Agent: I will update you regarding the process
Customer: ok
Customer: hi
Customer: how i can feed tehe ia about my information i have in my website
Agent: Hello
Agent: Can you save it in txt file for example?
Customer: All is in text, i can copy and paste 
Agent: You can paste it in the AI prompt
Agent: If its not too long
Customer: But the information we have is extense 
Agent: can you share your file please?
Customer: In wich format you needed?
Agent: txt is better
Agent: word or similar
Customer: ok
Customer: In other topic, i submit the request for a mexico s number 
Customer: i dont have a response yet 
Agent: Let me check
Agent: Its been succesfully validated! We can move forward with the provisioning
Agent: Mexico phone numbers are $10/mo, how many do you want to provision now?
Agent: You will also have to add a payment method in your billing account to create the subscription for it
Agent: After you confirm me all the details it will be available in your account
Customer: at beggin we only use outbounds calls, i discover i can use mi same number for this prurprose
Customer: i have a extra cost this feature?
Agent: It’s available on higher plans, this feature was just added and that’s why you can see it now 
Agent: Are you going to upgrade your plan? If so you can use the caller id feature for outbound yes 
Customer: i think we upgrade for the secon plan once its functional, at the moment is not working for us the app
Customer: we are in the configure proces 
Agent: You can use the caller ID yes
Customer: thanks
Customer: there is the doc
Customer: to feed knwoledge of ia 
Customer: when the info is uptated?
Agent: I will process it in the internal tool and let you know
Customer: ok
Customer: We made a flow to shopify but i don know if is fine, because in the phone space it says null, tis is correct?
Agent: what is the flow about?
Customer: is for shopify, cart recover
Agent: I updated it for you
Agent: You are still on starter plan, you will need to upgrade in order to add it
Customer: the second plan its ok?
Agent: You will need the agency plan for what we discussed above
Customer: is to much for us that plan 
Customer: so we dont have the information loaded?
Agent: I’ll help you with the second one then 👍
Agent: But it’s between us 🤝
Customer: thanks 
Customer: hi, in this part i select properly the firts name and last name but appers this 
Agent: you need to map it in the no code platform
Agent: you selected the whole object, you need to pass only the name
Agent: like for the other variables
Customer: where is the no code platform?
Agent: I have fixed it for you
Customer: thanks
Agent: welcome!
Customer: other ting is uptating the leads of old checkouts, is not posible only uptade the last ones 
Customer: hi
Agent: You mean that it takes old leads?
Customer: YES
Customer: HI
Agent: You need to add a condition block
Agent: I can help you with that once you upgrade your plan
Customer: DONE, I YPGRADE MI PLAN 
Customer: the files i sahe whit you yesterday was uptaded now?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Alright, I will have it pushed to the team to be implemented in your assistant
Customer: thanks
Customer: and for the condition block?
Agent: yes, will look into that aswell
Customer: great
Customer: hi
Customer: you can help me whit  the condition block
Customer: please 
Agent: Yes, will fix it today for you
Agent: Done, I have added to be newer than november 2024
Customer: thanks
Customer: it appears this 
Customer: And the friday i made a call and the service was bug, we say hello and the aswer was ok, or understand, and it was imposible to continue whith the conversation
Customer: You know about this issue?
Agent: hello 
Agent: You have limited automation runs in your plan
Agent: Can you send me a link to that call?
Agent: Or if you can test and see if still happens on your side?
Customer: this is the call https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/21800
Customer: today i tested and the fault is not present
Customer: i oly have 1 automation active
Customer: how is posible i reach the limit of automations 
Agent: Automation runs
Agent: It means how many times your flow is running
Agent: no how many automations you have created
Agent: not*
Customer: and how i can reduce it?
Agent: your flow I think runs every 5 minutes
Agent: So you can lower the query time interval
Agent: to run fewer times
Customer: i understand
Customer: i try that 
Customer: where i can move the time it gets uptaded?
Agent: I think its default 5 minutes for the shopify trigger
Agent: You can redo it with crons
Customer: you can put like every hour?
Agent: I will look into it
Customer: thanks
Customer: HI, you can decrease the time the information gets uploaded?
Agent: Hello! 
Agent: What are you referring to specifically?
Customer: I REACH MY QUOTA cause the automation is every 5 minutes 
Agent: You can do a custom schedule
Agent: Start with schedule trigger (Set it to hourly or something), get shopify carts -> use the date tool i added for you -> create lead in Autocalls
Customer: Is this?
Customer: i dont understand how to configure
Customer: it says months
Customer: no hours
Agent: that is to get newer leads
Agent: not all available
Agent: ok, I have increased your quota for now
Agent: So it should work
Customer: thanks
Agent: Welcome!
Customer: hi, i notice the automation is putting off alone
Agent: Hello!
Agent: But if you turn it on it works again or the quota is exceeded again?
Customer: it works fou a few hours if i turned on, but that takes the prupouse of an automation if i need to put on all the time
Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Roxana, how can I help you today? 
Customer: MY LAS MESAge
Customer: the automation stil stop by herself
Customer: hi
Customer: please help me to fix that
Customer: is very important to us is automatic the importation of leads 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: I will look into it
Customer: thanks 
Agent: Your quota was exceeded again
Agent: I have increased it again for you ;)
Customer: OK, THANKS 
Customer: hi, we notice in call the ia makes a long pause o didnt respont to users 
Customer: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/29057
Customer: Example
Agent: Hello
Agent: Are you using fillers?
Agent: And which engine do you use?
Customer: yes
Customer: [NEW] Normal speed, high accuracyRemove item
The brain of the AI. Incline the balance between faster or accurate.
Agent: You can choose fastest 
Agent: And enable fillers 
Agent: For better results 
Customer: ok
Customer: thanks 
Customer: Hi, this automation is on Call Shopify abandoned carts  but is not adding leads to the list 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Do you have any errors?
Agent: Or maybe it was already added 
Customer: it says paused
Customer: HI
Agent: Hello!
Agent: I have increased your quota again, can you turn it on?
Customer: i thinks is other thing
Customer: it makes leads since 27/11/2024 its too old, we ned that at created a abandonaded checkout for 4 dias before that date
Customer: example 16/12/2024
Customer: hi
Agent: You can turn of allow dupplicates
Agent: So it will not add a lead more than once
Customer: Hi
Customer: excusme do you have mexico s toll free 800 number for sale?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: I need to check first
Agent: I checked and we can provision Mexico Toll free numbers. But the cost is higher, around $40/mo for this kind of number
Agent: Let me know if you want to proceed with it
Customer: hi
Customer: the Call Shopify abandoned carts still tour off by itself 
Agent: Hello! Its strange, I will check further
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello!
Customer: I WANT TO CANCEL My suyscription, te program isnt working as we need
Agent: What happened?
Customer: We have to turn it on manually and we are tired of it
Agent: Let me escale it to the it department to fix it for you
Agent: It didn’t happened before
Agent: Ok I found the issue 
Agent: Hang on 
Agent: I have created another automation your account and increased ytour quota. this one is using scdhedule to run once an hour. Please check and let me know if the issue persists
Customer: this automation remplace the another? i opened an i dont find the parameters as name, email, etc
Customer: or its complemetary
Customer: ?
Agent: It replaces the old one. You should use the "NEW"  one
Agent: I added all the variables from previous one
Customer: i wait one hour to see if it works 
Customer: thanks 
Agent: I tested it now
Agent: As you can see it added new leads
Agent: It should work from now on, please report to me any issues if you see something
Customer: ok, thanks 

-------------------

Conversation 511

Customer: hey i have  
Customer: a problem
Customer: i wanted to integrate a chat gpt api to design the mail which gets sendet afterwards
Customer: fail code:
Customer: "400 Invalid type for 'max_completion_tokens': expected an integer, but got a string instead."
Agent: Hello!
Agent: I will take a look into your automation
Agent: I fixed it for you
Customer: ok. greetings to Stefan from Leo
Agent: Please check
Agent: I ll let him know 😄
Customer: yeah it works. thank you
Customer: can you do me a favor?
Agent: You are welcome!
Customer: can you pls give me a tipp  on how to get his done so that it looks like the autocalls transskript which is sendet
Agent: I am not sure I understood
Agent: What do you need?
Customer: i want, that the tanscript i see on my dashboard here is exactly sendet to the customer
Agent: This is what you want to do with your automation?
Customer: ok there is a problem. we still just get the text and not the new and cool chat from chat gpt
Customer: so the transcript ist just text. not like a chat like this.
Customer: and the error is there again
Customer: i will be back in 1 hour. we can chat again then
Agent: Sure
Agent: You want to send on email the transcript designed as it is in the platform?
Agent: And what do you want to achieve with ChatGPT connection?
Customer: yes exactly. so they layout on email has to be new and cool an not just text.
Customer: the it creates a layout like tihs
Customer: cause mow there is just text an no cool layout with speachbubbles etc.
Customer: back again
Customer: are you there?
Customer: Roxana are you there?
Agent: Yes, to implement a design you need to create your own html template to send in the email body
Agent: You can ask chatgpt to create a template for you and where to append the replies of customer/ai assistant
Customer: ok how do i implement that
Customer: the html design is no problem i think. how do i integrate that and do i need chat gpt for that. or how does the text from the call gets into the bubbles cause not evry call is the same
Customer: you know what i mean?
Customer: Roxana can xou help me please
Customer: hey

-------------------

Conversation 493

Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello! How can I help you?
Customer: I'm currently trying to build out an automation but i'm not sure how to fully create it
Customer: I wanted to do something like:
- new row in google sheets trigger;
- adds lead to campaign;
- on phonecall finished and data extracted, fill out qualified leads google sheet
Agent: I recommend watching these materials
Agent: Please find more resources below:

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>

[https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk](https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf)

[https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)

<https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4> 
Agent: These should give you more info on how to use the automate platform
Customer: i've managed to create the first two steps, but I can't find a automation block for the "on phonecall finished"
Customer: oh ok, i'll check these out
Agent: You will need 2 flows
Agent: one to add the leads (sheets -> campaign) and one for data extraction (phone call ended -> sheets)
Customer: oh i see
Customer: Hello Roxana
Customer: is there any fix I can deploy for this, or reduce the temperature of the model that reads the transcripts?
Customer: I tired running my first campaign here on Autocalls, and noticed that the AI hallucinated on the transcript and the extracted variables on some of the calls
Customer: I tired running my first campaign here on Autocalls, and noticed that the AI hallucinated on the transcript and the extracted variables on some of the calls
Agent: Hello, so your issue is regarding the AI that processes the extracted variables?
Agent: Can you share a link to a call where this happened?
Customer: yes, exactly
Customer: here is one example: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/30098
Customer: it's picked up by the machine recorder (the platform actually recognizes that) but still populates extracted variables with halucinated data
Customer: here is another example: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/30176
Customer: I have 11 occurences like these
Agent: This is because it doesn't have enough transcript to process. You can handle this by adding a condition block in the no code flow to dont process if the status of call is not processed
Agent: I will send to the team to adjust the post call evaluation AI but adding a condition block is the best way to go
Agent: Its adjusted, please check now
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/30098
Agent: you can click reevaluate for rest of the calls to see the updated results
Customer: thank you, I can see the changes made now
Customer: when you say in the no-code flow, you mean the automation, correct? 
Customer: will this achieve the effect you are proposing?
Customer: i've added to the branch:
- variables extracted sucessfully 
- call ended status is different than "no-answer"
- call duration is greater than "4"
Customer: when I test the branch individually with one of these failed calls, it tells me the condition is "false", which is correct
Customer: but if I then test the Insert row node from google sheets, it still proceeds to insert an incorrect row in google sheets
Agent: exactly
Agent: this is because you are testing the test nodes individually
Agent: Try a new call and it should work now
Agent: Its great like that, good job!
Agent: Also try to re run the calls above, the extraction AI should give you the right values if the call is empty (instead of hallucinating)
Customer: ok got it!
Customer: I can see it now, thank you for the fix
Customer: and thank you for the help as well Roxana!
Agent: You are welcome!
Customer: also on another topic, i've noticed that in some calls the agent has made, although the person on the phone is speaking, no text is being transcribed and the agent stops the interaction
Customer: - is there any possible improvements here that can be made?
- is there some way to force the agent to have some interaction if no transcription is being detected? I tried including it in the prompt, but i'm not sure it's actually improving it
Agent: Can you send me an example of that happening? There are settings that can be tweaked for this, but I need to check an actual example to recommend the best options
Customer: yea sure, two examples i've been able to catch:
- first one is this where the agent isn't able to hear anything from the customer even though they reply: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/29486
- second, slightly different, I think the agent just gets jammed for being interrupted so many times by the lead: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/29486
Customer: second one I think may be fixable in the settings by not letting the agent be interrupted by the user?
Customer: I haven't tried that option live though
Agent: Yes, exactly
Agent: For first one you can also try disabeling VAD in settings
Customer: you mean the Voice Activity Detection?
Customer: i'll try that too, thanks
Agent: Yes, exactly!

-------------------

Conversation 510

Customer: how to reset the password when i used google login?
Agent:  Hello!
Agent: You need to click login with google account 
Agent: And select the account you used to login the first time 
Agent: You need to make sure you are connected to google, if not reset the password on your google account instead 
Customer: why isn't there a password reset button in your login page?
Agent: To reset a password you need to send an email to support@autocalls.ai from the email used for your account creation 
Agent: The team will reply instantly 

-------------------

Conversation 509

Customer: Hi
Customer: can u speak italian?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We can use translate, yes. What happened?
Customer: LA VOCE CLONATA NON è SIMILE ANZI ADDIRITTURA è MASCHILE
Agent: Puoi condividere i campioni utilizzati per il clonaggio?
Customer: si
Agent: Il problema è che la qualità non è buona:

- lo sfondo deve essere chiaro, senza rumore

- la qualità del file audio deve essere alta, mentre nella vostra registrazione è molto bassa
Agent: puoi provare un altro campione di maggiore qualità? Prova a registrare 5 minuti con il registratore vocale del telefono
Customer: ok
Customer: tks
Agent: welcome!
Customer: ho riprovato ma le voci si alternano una maschile e quella clonata in chiamata
Customer: vedo che comunque scala molti piu' minuti dal credito inoltre ad esempio l'ultima chiamata è durata 1,48 m e mi ha scalato ben 4 minuti
Customer: ..
Agent: È possibile che siano abilitate altre funzioni, come il rilevamento della segreteria telefonica, e che vengano detratte le spese dell'operatore (l'infrastruttura telefonica per la chiamata).
Agent: Puoi inviarmi i nuovi campioni audio?
Customer: NO PERCHè CHIAMO ME STESSO E VEDO LA DURATA
Agent: Penso che la nuova voce claudia suona meglio giusto? Per migliorarla ulteriormente è necessario assicurarsi che non ci sia rumore di fondo e che la lunghezza sia maggiore
Agent: I costi sono spiegati qui
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/costs
Customer: SI , SUONA MEGLIO

-------------------

Conversation 368

Customer: The webhook URL field is required.
Customer: i need support
Customer: 🙃 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can disable webhook if you do not need it
Customer: i need help 
Customer: please
Customer: hi
Customer: ineed help
Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! Stefan replied to you on Whatsapp

-------------------

Conversation 508

Customer: I would like to know more about the plans
Agent: Hello?
Agent: !*
Agent: What do you want to know more? And which ones
Agent: Are you interested in the whitelabel aswell?
Customer: yes I am interested in the whitlabel 
Agent: You will get the same platform as Autocalls that you can resell under your brand, logo, colors, domain prices and all 
Agent: You can create your own plans for your users and the profit will go directly to you 
Agent: You will get your own billing dashboard to manage all payment related matters 
Agent: Your users will not know anything about Autocalls behind 
Agent: And there are no limits regarding user accounts on your platform 
Customer: what is the 3500 minute about 
Agent: They are included along the whitelabel platform 
Agent: And you can use them/transfer to your customers 
Customer: Is it for live transfer? 
Customer: I need to know more about the 3500 specifically
Agent: These are talk time for the ai over phone 
Agent: Live transfer to human is not billed
Customer: is the 3500 minutes is used by the ai system
Agent: Yes
Customer: ok I have 11 million phone numbers 
Customer: so these bundles wouldn't work for me
Agent: You can get extra minutes 
Agent: With withelabel extra minutes are 0.09$
Customer: what is the average time for the system to be on 1 call to book an appointment?
Customer: r u there?
Agent: Depends on your leads 
Agent: Usually 2-3 minutes 
Agent: There are multiple factors to calculate 
Agent: But it’s important to mention that you pay only what you use 
Customer: yes how many call can be made in an hour
Agent: You can do hundreds of calls at the same time on the same number 
Agent: So in an hour you can do a lot
Customer: meaning waht si the max
Customer: per hour
Customer: i need numbers
Agent: Depends on your data 
Agent: How many respond 
Agent: Tens of thousands to say 
Customer: what is the average 
Agent: Or 2000 if all respond the first time and takes 5 minutes each 
Agent: I don’t know your data, you will have to test 
Customer: is the test for free
Agent: You will have to activate a plan 
Agent: We don’t have free or trial plans, but we have the free test call on our landing page 
Customer: who will set up the volume for calling
Agent: Also on our white label plan you get 1-1 dedicated support from our team 
Agent: You can create your own campaigns and setup all details regarding volumes, calling rate, timeframe and so on
Agent: Also I can share some videos with the platform 
Agent: https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Customer: thank you
Agent: Welcome! When do you plan to onboard the platform?

-------------------

Conversation 507

Customer: Do you offer whitelabeling?
Agent: Hello!
Customer: I would like to use your service and sell it further to my clients 
Agent: Yes, we do have white label available 
Customer: Can you tell me more? How does it look?
Agent: You will get the same platform as Autocalls that you can resell under your brand, logo, colors, domain prices and all 
Agent: You can create your own plans for your users and the profit will go directly to you 
Customer: Awesome. Do you have any links I can check it?
Agent: We have some details on our landing page
Agent: What do you want to know more about?
Customer: Just send me link plead
Customer: *please 
Agent: It is on our main landing page:
https://autocalls.ai
Agent: You will get your own billing dashboard to manage all payment related matters 
Agent: Your users will not know anything about Autocalls behind 
Agent: And there are no limits regarding user accounts on your platform 

-------------------

Conversation 375

Customer: Hello
Customer: Do you provide the service in french also?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have french available
Customer: Ok 
Customer: Can I test the Demo in French?
Agent: You can preview a voice here   
<https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Customer: ok
Agent: We dont have free or trial accounts
Agent: Only the free test call on our landing, but that is in English
Customer: Do you have a free test call in french somewhere else?
Agent: You can set it up only in the platform
Customer: free test?
Agent: No, only after you activate a subscription
Customer: Ok, I cannot test paying
Agent: You can test the one on our landing
Agent: its free
Agent: It will work the same in French
Customer: ok
Customer: How can I do if I forgot my password?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: What is your email password?
Customer: esg@ky-mail.fr
Agent: Please send an email from that to support@autocalls.ai
Agent: and the team will take care of it asap
Customer: Hello
Customer: I forgot again my password :p
Agent: Hello!
Customer: esg@ky-mail.fr
Agent: Can you send an email to support@autocalls.ai from your registered email? The team will rely there and help you
Customer: ok
Customer: sent
Customer: could you send me a new password please?
Customer: (?)
Agent: Sure 
Customer: Im in a visioconference with colleagues I want to show them
Agent: It was sent over your email
Customer: thanks
Agent: Please check and let me know if you succeed logging in
Customer: received
Customer: do u propose chats / whatsapp also?
Agent: In the automate platform for WhatsApp and other chats 
Agent: Also, SMS’s are included
Agent: You can do it, yes 
Agent: And we have on the road map to implement Chabot widget
Agent: Chatbot
Customer: ok
Customer: tx
Customer: where can I add a whatsapp connection?
Agent: In no code platform, as action 
Agent: Please find more resources below: 

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>

[https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk](https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf)

[https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)

<https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Customer: okay
Customer: Thanks a lot

-------------------

Conversation 484

Customer: Perfetto.. mi serve al momento solo un numero 
Customer: Ma dove lo trovo ..?
Customer: Grazie mille 🙏🏻 per il numero 😊 .. ho una domanda.. è possibile ottenere l’id della chiamata tramite webhook ( https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/29495 ) in questo caso 29495
Agent: Certo, è possibile impostare l'URL del webhook nelle impostazioni dell'assistente, alla voce azioni di post-chiamata, oppure è possibile farlo nella piattaforma senza codice

-------------------

Conversation 494

Customer: Can we integrate your AI into our codebase, actually we have multiple business and even have few clients where each need different AI model, can you provide AI for each business where we invoke that model from our codebase and get our job done
Agent: Hello! Yes, you can do it with white label plan
Customer: Can we have a demo for that?
Agent: Unfortunately we do not have free or trial accounts, but we have the free test call on our landing page
Agent: I can also share some videos with the platform in the meantime
Agent: Please find more resources below:

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>

[https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk](https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf)

[https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)

<https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4> 

-------------------

Conversation 380

Customer: No israeli number ..
Agent: Hello
Agent: It can be added without any worry
Customer: still, no "israel" numbers 
Agent: one moment
Customer: thanks 
Agent: You should now see Israel phone numbers, please check
Customer: after cloning my voice 
Customer: can i set that wuth you step by step ?  
Customer: sharing my screen 
Customer: ?
Agent: You cannot clone for Hebrew
Agent: Thats why
Customer: ok
Customer: i would nr happy to set all with you 
Agent: I have some calls right now, let me know by chat what do you need and I will help you here
Customer: test call wont work 
Customer: tried 777137132 or 077..
Agent: remove the dashes maybe
Agent: it should work
Customer: should i type all in hebrew ? 
Agent: any language
Agent: can be either hebrew, english or both
Customer: ok, uploded hebrew : "Hi, this is [Bot Name] calling you back regarding the message you left about our revolutionary service, Social Ninja.
Thank you for reaching out!"

Explanation of the Service:
"I’d like to take a moment to explain what our service includes.

Social Ninja is a smart tool designed to help businesses like yours save valuable time and achieve better results on social media.
We understand that creating content, designing posts, scheduling them, and analyzing performance can take up a lot of time and feel overwhelming.

That’s exactly why we developed our AI-powered system, which can:

Automatically create posts from your existing content – like podcasts, articles, or even videos.
Intelligently schedule posts across all platforms – Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and more.
Provide detailed performance reports so you can see what’s working and how to improve."
Transition to a Specialist:
"If this service sounds interesting, I’ll transfer you now to Jacob, our expert, who can explain everything in more detail and answer any questions you might have.

Ready? I’m connecting you now!"

Notes for Implementation:
Ensure the transition to Jacob or the human representative is seamless and immediate.
The bot can also include an option for a quick input or question before transferring.
For example:
"Would you like to briefly share the type of business you have so we can tailor the service to your needs?"
Let me know if you'd like to refine this furth
Agent: the initial message needs to be in hebrew
Agent: that is read as it is
Customer: yes , indeed
Agent: the system prompt you can choose templates to start with
Customer: still, bug with Israeli numbers .. 
Customer: https://share.zight.com/E0uNWBBX
Agent: you need to save the assistant after adding the number
Agent: the validation error its not updating immediately
Agent: adjust the number and click save everytime until it works
Agent: there is no bug, its just the format that you need to set as its displayed
Agent: see?
Customer: yes, im already talllking to the agent to make him more accurte 
Agent: you need to adjust the prompt to make it better
Customer: yes, doing that now 
Customer: it shound good
Customer: in ths stage , i nned to have a new meta business app? on meeta dev?
Agent: Yes, it shows all the steps in the connection details 
Customer: cant see the instucrions 
Agent: Click to add new connection 
Customer: yes, i did 
Customer: there is no instructions 
Agent: You need client id and secret from developer account 
Agent: You can create one first 
Customer: can we do that together ? 
Customer: can u use that app ?
https://share.zight.com/wbuO1pZL
Customer: or should i make a new app ?
Agent: I can help you on the Whitelabel plan 
Agent: Now you are on starter and I already made efforts to get Hebrew available for you to move forward 
Agent: But starter plan does not have this kind of support available, only on whitelabel 
Agent: So what’s your feedback regarding the next steps?
Customer: understood 
Customer: i'm waiting for a sms for facebook 
Customer: on Meta for Developers account
Customer: thanks 
Agent: Alright, let me know
Customer: need to call to any new lead on googl sheets 
Agent: hello!
Agent: You can setup a no code automation
Customer: cant find google sheet ..
Agent: With schdeule:every hour for example -> sheets:get rows->loop through each row->add lead to campaign (and do not allow dupplicate button)
Agent: its there, but start with schedule and then sheets
Customer: thansk you very much for you fast support 
Customer: i can see you also use activepices .. great app 
Agent: welcome!
Customer: can you check if i set that right ?
Agent: I will check it shortly and let you know
Customer: ✌️ 
Customer: i need to leave the office, do you mind to checkk that now ? 
Agent: yes
Customer: i just have. anew lead , hoever, i cant see it called to the lead (1,5 hour ego) 
Customer: i can share my screen with you , to save our time regrding that set yp 
Customer: zoom 
Agent: I fixed it for you ;)
Customer: 😇 
Customer: how can i embed client name here ? 
https://share.zight.com/v1uG69be
Customer: shoud be taken from B column : 
https://share.zight.com/wbuOAxwx
Agent: one moment
Agent: fixed it too
Customer: hi
Customer: we have to wait more then 20-25 seconds to have an answer 
Agent: Hello
Agent: What language? And is it always happening?
Agent: Can you share a call link?
Customer: hebrew 
Customer: pls refe last calls 
Agent: its very weird, can you try again?
Agent: And is the first time happening for you?
Customer: pls refer , long time till rsponses..
Agent: Please try again now
Agent: Do a short test and see if you still have the issue
Agent: As I checked and saw the issue, now should be fine
Customer: still not working 
Customer: as well, ai agent asks "how do we feal today?" i domt have any of that quistion on my prompts 
Agent: You need to change your initial message
Agent: With the desired one
Customer: pls close my account 
Agent: Hello! What happened? Maybe its something that can easily be fixed

-------------------

Conversation 504

Customer: Can i get a call from an Arabic agent for a test? I am considering using this service for some of my businesses
Customer: I also read that multiple accents are available, would it be possible to preview them before the call? To save time 
Customer: Hello?
Agent: Hello! We do not have free or trial accounts. To do calls in Arabic you will have to activate a plan in our platform
Agent: We have multiple accents in the platform and also you can clone your voice
Agent: In the meantime I can send some videos with the platform
Agent: Please find more resources below:

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>

[https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk](https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf)

[https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)

<https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4> 

-------------------

Conversation 469

Customer: Hello!
Agent: Hello! I am Roxana, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Hello Roxana, I am trying to do a SMTP connection in a flow, but I can't do that, Could you help me, please?
Agent: Hello! What issue do you encounter?
Customer: Connection failed: {"code":"EAUTH","response":"535 5.7.139 Authentication unsuccessful, user is locked by your organization's security defaults policy. Contact your administrator. [PA7P264CA0228.FRAP264.PROD.OUTLOOK.COM 2024-12-23T17:05:07.882Z 08DD22F669E82A4C]","responseCode":535,"command":"AUTH LOGIN"}
Customer: Appears that message
Agent: I see that it requires your administrator to allow the connection. Can you raise it to your system administrator to allow the connection on your email address?

-------------------

Conversation 502

Customer: Hello 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: **We operate in the iGaming industry and are interested in implementing daily AI-powered calls to engage with our players consistently. Is this feasible with AI call solutions?
Agent: Yes, you can do that with our platform
Customer: Artificial intelligence will automatically call and send a voice recording to the player with a bonus offer or an invitation to the site.
Agent: Exactly
Customer: Oww great 
Customer: Are you given number 1 after you receive the package?
Customer: We start Starter plan ıf everything is perfect  next month Agency plan 
Agent: You will have to get phone numbers from our platform. We have numbers from almost every country
Agent: You can also integrate with caller ID or sip trunk 
Agent: Sure, you can go with the cheapest plan and upgrade later
Customer: Phone numbers  pricing where is ?
Customer: 1 number how much dolar
Agent: Average number is $3.99 per month

-------------------

Conversation 500

Customer: sprechen sie deutsch
Agent: Hello!
Customer: i have a small call centre in greece and want to try out your software to make oudbountcalls and sell products over the phone is it possible with your software
Customer: we only call customers in greek
Agent: Yes, you can do that with our platform. You can also integrate sip trunk to connect with your infrastructure
Agent: Greek is available too 
Agent: And we also have white label plan if you want to resell under your brand with your prices domain and all
Customer: can choose your software independently from a list and call customers and sell products and understand what the customer says
Agent: Yes, you can do bulk outbound campaigns to call customers and sell your product and services 
Customer: and completes the sale completely independently
Agent: You also have the full call details (recording, transcript and all) that you can automate and send to Gmail, sheets, hubspot and +300 tools 
Agent: Yes, it does it on its own 
Customer: how can I test this
Agent: You will need to activate a plan in order to configure your own assistant in the platform 
Agent: I can also share some videos with the platform in the meantime 
Agent: Please find more resources below: 

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>

[https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk](https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf)

[https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)

<https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Customer: the starter plan ?
Customer: is enough to test everything
Agent: Yes, you can get the starter and upgrade later 
Customer: this plan also has greek
Agent: Yes 
Customer: ok then I will test it, thanks, if I have any questions I will contact you again
Agent: Sure, we are here to help you 

-------------------

Conversation 468

Customer: salve 
Agent: Hello! I am Roxana, how can I help you today?
Customer: I PURCHASED.. BUT I CAN'T TRY THE ASSISTANT.. DO I NEED TO BUY A NUMBER..?
Agent: You wil need a dedicated number to launch a campaign but you can test using a random free number from our platform 
Agent: Set it for outbound and from assistant page click make test call purple button in the top
Agent: The agent will then call you 
Customer: I DON'T WANT TO LAUNCH A CAMPAIGN.. BUT RECEIVE CALLS
Agent: To test it without purchasing a number now you will need to switch it to outbound and act like you received the call instead of it calling you
Agent: For inbound you will need a dedicated number to assign the agent to
Customer: non me lo fa fare 
Customer: non è possibile acquistare un numero di telefono di casa 
Agent: Vuoi invece un numero locale italiano?
Customer: ESATTO .. che costi meno 
Agent: I numeri locali italiani devono essere forniti su misura dal nostro team. È necessario inviare i documenti aziendali e ci vogliono alcuni giorni prima che il numero arrivi. Il costo di questo tipo di numero è di 3,99 dollari al mese
Customer: OK nessun problema .. 
Customer: cosa serve come documenti ? 
Agent: È necessario caricare:

- Registro dell'azienda con indirizzo locale

- Documento d'identità rilasciato dal governo (deve includere il numero dell'ID, l'autorità che lo ha rilasciato e la data di emissione) del rappresentante

Utilizzando questo link:

https://tally.so/r/nGDRee
Customer: Perfetto 
Customer: ho appena inoltrato i documenti 
Customer: salve 
Customer: nulla ancora il numero ?? :(
Agent: Hello!
Agent: The number was just approved 
Agent: How many numbers do you need?
Customer: Ciao 
Customer: praticamente il mese sta passando senza fare una reale prova 😐 
Agent: Ciao! È già possibile testare l'assistente utilizzando i numeri di prova gratuiti all'interno della piattaforma. Impostate il tipo di chiamata in uscita e cliccate qui
Customer: Ok va bene 
Agent: Dopo che i vettori avranno fornito il vostro numero, potrete utilizzare anche quello. Ma si può usare la piattaforma fin dall'inizio con i numeri di prova o con i numeri italiani disponibili per la fornitura diretta (ma sono più costosi

-------------------

Conversation 496

Customer: I would like to temporarily suspend the Starter plan and avoid the recurring payment.
Agent: Hello!
Agent: What happened, are you not satisifed with our product? :( 
Customer: No, absolutely not! We like your software. It's just that I need to set everything up and I never have the time.
Also, my knowledge of English is very poor...
We are a real estate agency and we receive calls that need to be transcribed and emailed to collaborators.
Agent: I see, you can use a translation extension to see everything in your language and also your can write the prompt of ai in any language, not just english. If you need guidance in setting it up we are here.   
Regarding the billing you can acces the billing info menu in the sidebar where you can manage your subscription
Customer: In the Billing Info?
Agent: Here

-------------------

Conversation 498

Customer: I am testing to see if this chat is actually a live chat or what I suspect?
Customer: it says Autocalls typically replies in a few minutes!  That is clearly not the case! 
Agent: Hello! You have to take weekends in consideration. How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 497

Customer: Greek language ai assistant ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have Greek available in the platform!
Customer: Agent speaking Greek ?
Customer: ??
Agent: Yes! It speaks Greek 

-------------------

Conversation 492

Customer: call me
Agent: Hello! Have you managed to get the call?

-------------------

Conversation 495

Customer: hi i need to pay with google pay but when i click to google pay no action 
Customer: ?
Agent: Hello! 
Agent: Can you try from incognito or your phone. Maybe you have some extension that prevent this 
Agent: Alternatively can you use the normal card payment?
Customer: no i don't put my card in any site sorry
Customer: i try with incognito google pay not show
Agent: It’s on stripe side, check the url 
Agent: It’s the largest payment processor in the world 
Agent: Can you give me a screenshot to understand your issue? 
Agent: Can you try on your phone too please? 
Customer: i click on google pay don't make anything 
Customer: it's like disables button 
Agent: Try on your phone please 
Customer: ok

-------------------

Conversation 345

Customer: How do I connect to Highlevel so I can use schedule appointment there rather than cal.com?
Agent: Hello! I see you marked our conversation as resolved. Let me know if I can help you with something else in the meantime!
Customer: Hi - I am having trouble connecting gohighlevel account to the workflow
Agent: Hello!
Agent: What flow are you trying to accomplish with GHL?
Customer: Thanks for responding - im opening it now so I can describe it properly 
Agent: Sure
Customer: the automate platform option is not opening
Customer: its just circling
Agent: Hmm, let me check
Agent: Can you refresh the page?
Customer: The assistant opened
Customer: I tried it again and its not opening
Customer: let me try to clear cache 
Customer: Ill be back
Customer: I am back. its still not opening but I understand its in beta
Agent: Can you try from incognito? And waiting for it to load
Agent: I just tested on your account and it works
Customer: Let me ask you: I have a CRM with the clients i want to target to have autocalls send outbound calls to. The goal is to have the AI reach them and have them schedule a meeting on the CRM's calendar 
Customer: do I need to do that with the automate platform or is there another way?
Agent: you can do it with the automate platform
Agent: I can share with you some resources, one moment
Agent: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>
Customer: When I tried, I was getting a 400 error
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Customer: do you know what that means
Agent: This is for your need on outbound calling
Customer: Thank you 
Agent: It covers campaigns and how to setup the flow in no code platform. You will have to replace the form trigger (from video) with GHL (for your case)
Customer: ok I can watch that. do you know what the 400 error code means?
Customer: it didnt tell me what it meant or how to resolve
Agent: 400 error from where? Can you share a screenshot?
Customer: When I was setting up the lead conector with Highlevel
Customer: I created the app on the developer side and was trying to connect it to the CRM from auto calls. thats when i received the error
Customer: I'll have to go through the steps again to see it but first I'll watch the video
Agent: Sure, let me know!
Customer: Hi - where did stephen go? 
Customer: so I tried to follow the steps in the video but I am doing something wrong because the test keeps failing 
Customer: who can help me walk through the automation steps?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Which step of the automation is failing?
Customer: I am trying to test using the form input. 
Customer: So step 1 has form input, step 2 is add lead to a campaign
Customer: Im clearly doing something wrong
Customer: can someone walk me through the steps?
Agent: I will have a look into your account 
Customer: ok
Customer: let me know what i need to do
Customer: I really want to get this working so I can upload actual leads
Agent: Sure
Agent: I have made it work for you
Agent: https://automate.autocalls.ai/forms/t8iGlR40osUDn8ACTe0QA
Agent: You can try it here, it will add the lead in your account
Customer: The object is showing the number but the bot didnt call
Customer: how do i test the actual call and bot interaction
Customer: thanks for your help BTW
Customer: Do I have to publish first?
Agent: Its published already, you need to start your campaign
Agent: So it starts calling the numbers you add
Agent: To test a call you need to click on speak to your assistant on the settings page
Agent: Or add yourself as a lead and click this
Agent: from the lead page
Customer: I added myself to the leads page I dont have those options
Agent: click on yourself
Customer: I see it now. thanks
Agent: great!
Customer: Im learning :)
Customer: do you recommend doing an import from google sheets for leads or to connect directly to my CRM?
Customer: which one is easier to manage in your opinion?
Agent: No worries, you are doing great!
Agent: Both work well, it depends on your case
Agent: if you have to frequently add leads, than adding your CRM is more effective since you do it once and they will be up to date
Agent: if you are doing high batches but from time to time, than excel file
Customer: we add leads frequently but we would key off of specific tags within the CRM
Customer: I think it would be high batches from time to time- the only thing is that i want to save the interaction within the CRM
Customer: call happened + leads response
Customer: especially if they indicate a DNC
Agent: you can do an opposite automation
Agent: after the call ended -> update the lead in CRM by phone number or something else
Customer: right
Customer: I've indicated after call variables to capture 
Customer: Are you able to help me connect the CRM?
Agent: Hello! On your current plan I cannot do the integration for you, but you can start making your flow and ask me any queries here
Customer: Sure, thank you
Customer: This is where I am failing to connect with the CRM 
Customer: I created the app, have the client ID and everything 
Customer: but when I select the sub-account, Im getting the request failed error 
Customer: I dont know what to do to get passed the error
Customer: How much would it cost for you to he able  to help me to connect the CRM to the automation workflow/
Customer: ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: I will check to see what happened
Customer: Oh thanks!
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Have you added on your ghl developer account this redirect url? https://automate.autocalls.ai/redirect
Customer: great question ;) 
Customer: I dont think so
Customer: Im going to try it now. 
Customer: should that URL be used for the webhook too?
Agent: It should be added as the redirect callback url on your ghl dev account
Customer: ok
Customer: I fixed that but it still didnt work. 
Customer: I think I just need to upload a file with the contacts. 
Customer: do you have any videos on how to connect to a crm?
Agent: What error does it show now? 
Agent: I dont think we have a video for this exact integration, but we can fix it here
Customer: the same error - 400

-------------------

Conversation 480

Customer: Hola, estoy probando el sistema, sin embargo, cuando enlaza la llamada, después de unos segundos se corta
Agent: ¡Hola! Permítanme comprobar el problema
Agent: Lo he comprobado y parece que ya está bien. Creo que tenías algunos ajustes previamente que hizo que esto suceda. Hazme saber si el problema persiste
Customer: El sistema funciona muy bien, cuando tendran números de teléfono de México?
Agent: Para México tendrá que presentar los documentos de la empresa para ser revisado y después de que se pueden proporcionar los números de México a su cuenta
Agent: Necesitaremos: Business registration showing local address
Agent: Debe cargarse aquí:
Agent: <https://tally.so/r/nGDRee>

-------------------

Conversation 490

Customer: Hello Team
Customer: I need a DEMO on the capabilities of your platform
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Are you interested in white label as well? I can share some resources in the meantime
Agent: Please find more resources below:

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>

[https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk](https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf)

[https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)

<https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4> 

-------------------

Conversation 410

Customer: in your video you create call without camping why I'm not getting same option
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Its a bit more older video, please watch this one
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Agent: It covers the campaign topic too
Customer: how to add number
Agent: You can get one directly from the platform or use yours (only for outbound)
Agent: If you dont see a country there it needs to be custom provisioned by us
Customer: where can i see invoices
Agent: Hello! In billing profile in the sidebar

-------------------

Conversation 489

Customer: Hello,
I noticed that you currently do not support Portuguese (Portugal) language in your models, I would like to inquire about the possibility of cloning a Portuguese voice and incorporating it in your service, would it work fluidly?

Thank you,
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We have Portuguese available in the platform already
Agent: You can also clone voices directly in our platform
Customer: yes, but its Portuguese from Brazil, not Portugal, the difference in accent is very big
Agent: We have multiple accents in the platform
Customer: So if I clone a Portuguese(Portugal) accent, it should work smoothly?
Agent: On the landing page, we show only one accent
Agent: Yes, exactly!
Customer: Ok great!
Customer: one last question about the pricings and price per outbound calls: are there any additional costs other than the ones stated in the landing page?
Agent: You will have the carrier costs which differ based on country called. The average is $0.01 which is converted automatically and deducted from the minutes balance
Agent: So you dont have to pay anything else, everything is already integrated in the platform
Agent: From best voices providers, llms numbers and all
Customer: can you give me estimates of the carrier costs for using a Portuguese number from your platform and calling Portuguese mobile numbers?
Agent: For portugal is **$0.01**
Agent: So the same as our average costs
Customer: awesome, thank you for your help Roxana
Agent: You are welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 488

Customer: White label version
Customer: Interested in white label version 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have white label available 
Customer: I want to start today 
Customer: Show me how
Agent: You get the same platform that you can resell with your own logo, colors, domain, prices and all
Customer: 👍 great 
Customer: How
Agent: You will need to activate the white label plan and then our team will help you set it up on your domain and all
Customer: How do I sign up
Agent: Create an account here and subscribe to the whitelabel plan 
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai/register
Customer: How much does it cost?
Customer: Does it have a trial?
Agent: We don’t have trial or free accounts, only the free test call on our landing page
Agent: I can share some videos with the platform in the meantime 
Customer: That's great
Agent: Please find more resources below: 

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>

[https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk](https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf)

[https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)

<https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Customer: Ok. I'll sign up
Customer: Thank you
Customer: What is the price?
Customer: Monthly or yearly?
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Customer: Thank you so much
Customer: Bye 
Agent: The pricing is displayed here. All plans including white label have included minutes that you can use
Customer: Thanks a lot
Customer: Bye
Agent: Welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 486

Customer: Hello. I wanted to ask about your plan
Customer: I see this plan for 249$
Agent: Hello!
Customer: And I see 1700 included minutes
Customer: It’s for free 1700 minutes of using
Customer: Or I have to pay for each minute 
Agent: For $249 you already have 1700 minutes each month 
Agent: And for extra minutes you will have to pay $0.09/minute 
Customer: For all plans the same scheme
Customer: ?
Agent: Yes
Agent: Every plan has included minutes every month 
Agent: With higher plans you unlock better prices per minute and features 
Agent: So you are always paying for minutes that you can use +extra features 
Customer: I didn’t understand 
Customer: if I pay 249$
Customer: I get automatically free 1700 minutes 
Customer: ?
Customer: and if I need more I pay extra
Agent: Yes 
Agent: Exactly 
Customer: But how do you earn money 
Customer: it’s almost free
Agent: We have our proprietary models which is why we can offer costs so low 
Customer: What models?
Agent: We are partners with largest providers from Elevenlabs to open ai custom trained 
Customer: I understand 
Customer: but what is your price per minute
Customer: 0.08$
Agent: If you used all 1700 minutes from your plan you can buy extra minutes for $0.09
Agent: If you need 100 minutes it will be 100 x 0.09 = $9
Customer: Okay
Customer: do you use openAI 4.0 or turbo?
Customer: it’s important to know for me
Customer: I need 4.0
Agent: We have all from 4o, 4o-mini to 3.5
Customer: I can choose on platform?
Agent: Yes 
Customer: what is the price for 4.0 or 3 turbo
Agent: It’s the same
Customer: But 4.0 more expensive 
Agent: But we recommend 4o-mini. It’s accurate and fastest 
Agent: We are a different platform from those that require you to bring your own 3rd party providers and pay each one. Everything is already included from best providers and models at the lowest cost since we have volumes 

-------------------

Conversation 485

Customer: Hello, I was wondering how your services work. I am a freelancer photographer and I would like an AI agent to answer my calls on my existing mobile number. Is that possible? If yes, how it works?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, you can do that in our platform 

-------------------

Conversation 408

Customer: Hello
Customer: I need to know if the ai call can be configured in Latin America spanish
Customer: And would like how natural it sounds during conversations 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have Spanish available with different accents available in the platform
Customer: I would like to test how natural it sounds
Customer: I wrote back to your email Stefan
Agent: We do not have free plans or trials, but we have the free test call on our landing apge
Agent: page*
Customer: We are comparing a couple of services to see which sounds better in spanish
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Customer: the trail is in english
Agent: You can also preview Spanish here
Customer: the tria;
Customer: trial
Customer: only english
Customer: I dont find the option to change it to spanish
Customer: only english is available 
Agent: You can hear a sample for Spanish there
Agent: To do a full call in spanish you will need to configure your assistant in the platform
Customer: that option o change to spanish is not available
Customer: check my screenshot
Agent: You cannot do a free test call in other language than English
Agent: To change the language you need an active plan to create your own assistant
Agent: You can preview a voice (hear how it sounds) here
Customer: where do I preview spanish
Customer: I dont have that option
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Agent: Click on this link
Customer: in the link you send is not available 
Customer: Check my screenshot
Agent: Have you checked mine?
Agent: Did you manage to see it?
Customer: I need help connectin to cal.com
Customer: I followed your instructions closely
Customer: https://docs.autocalls.ai/tools/cal-com
Customer: But it is not working
Customer: The assistant can identify the availability correctly but never schedules the meeting although in the chat it says it will do it 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You need to check if the time zones match between the assistant, caller and cal.com event
Customer: Hello yes i checked, both are the same
Customer: Our intention is to move to the Agency whitelabel plan
Boost revenue with AI call automation under your brand.

$419
Monthly
Customer: If it works as expected
Customer: Please I appreciate your urgent help
Agent: Sure, its still not working?
Customer: No not workingg
Agent: Ok, I will take a look
Customer: Thanks, could we schedule a zoom meeting?
Customer: for support
Agent: Its usually easier and faster to do it through this chat. I found the issue on the appointment booking and will fix it for you
Agent: Then we can move with the next queries
Customer: What was the issue?
Agent: Can you share with me you cal.com account so I can check if the event is configured correctly?
Customer: the screenshot from cal account?
Agent: Yes, send me a screenshot with the event settings page
Agent: If you want you can also share the login credentials and I can check directly there
Customer: https://app.cal.com/event-types/1371955?tabName=setup
Customer: The Event ID i double checked
Customer: After you can help with this, I also have other questions
Agent: can you scroll down here and give me a screenshot?
Agent: on this page
Agent: More down? I think you have setup a required filed for whatsapp
Agent: Do you know something of that? It throws an error because it misses a custom required field on your event
Customer: If we can have a zoom conference I can share my screen
Customer: I dont understand what you mean
Agent: Can you create a new event in your account and leave it with all default settings?
Agent: And share the event ID
Agent: If still not working I will forward to the team to do a call with you
Customer: I need to use the same event
Customer: It is configured with my webpage
Customer: all must use the same calendar
Customer: same configuration for meetings
Agent: Yes, but I want to check if the issue is on the cal.com event setting or your AI assistant
Customer: lets have zoom meeting
Customer: it is the way to solve
Agent: can you share an anydesk or similar?
Customer: zoom
Customer: I dont have anydesk
Customer: zoom is the easiest
Agent: I cannot do zoom. I will have to speak to my colleagues to do a zoom if you do not want to cooperate with me
Customer: Y dont have anydesk
Agent: I have already found the issue as I scheduled a meeting
Agent: You need to dupplicate the event an remove "WHATSAPP" variable from being mandatory
Agent: You can still link the event to the same calendars that you have
Agent: Its just that your website flow will use this flow, and the AI will use a clone without this variable which throws an error
Agent: If you cannot share your account either to do this for you, then for zoom I will have to forward to a colleague
Agent: I mean your cal.com login
Customer: ok what is the variable that you mean
Agent: “WHATSAPP”
Customer: where should I go
Agent: maybe in advanced
Agent: wait, dont change anything anymore
Agent: I can adjust something on our side
Agent: Ok, I have adjusted. Please try now to book an appointment
Agent: And let me know if works
Agent: Are you still with me?
Customer: yes
Customer: let me try
Customer: I will use the chat interface first
Agent: It won’t work 
Customer: the call better?
Agent: Because the WhatsApp variable needs a phone number 
Agent: And you can get that set in a call only 
Customer: so its better to duplicat te cal.com event
Agent: Yes, but now the current one should work too
Customer: So should I try the call
Agent: It’s just the chat interface that won’t work when setting up the appointment because it needs to pass that WhatsApp variable which needs to be a valid phone number
Agent: Yes, try to call. It should work with your current event.L
Customer: ok let me try and I will confirm
Customer: Yes
Customer: THank you
Customer: It worked
Customer: thank you very much
Customer: I have another question
Customer: first on the duration of the calls
Customer: if i I add all the call duration times it adds to about 17 minutes approximate 
Customer: but
Customer: the counter on my starter plan says I only have 52 minutes left
Customer: Like the assistant called for 70 minutes
Customer: The reality is that I only have 17 minutes on my total call history
Agent: You are welcome
Agent: Regarding the minutes, you can think of your balance as credits that can be used for different services
Agent: From those effective minutes, they can also be used for carriers costs, SMS costs other features and also effective ai minutes 
Customer: I dont use sms
Agent: For example you might have end call on voice mail feature which is 1 minute per call regarding if it’s failed or not
Agent: In the advanced settings
Customer: Yes you can see my total call history including calls that were not answered
Customer: only 8 total calls, including failed calle
Customer: calls
Customer: If I round all calls to the next minute is 19 minutes
Agent: yes, its 8 calls * 1 minute for voice mail detection + effective call duration + carrier costs
Agent: Carrier costs are deducted automatically from minutes
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/costs
Customer: what is carrier cost
Agent: You can read more here
Agent: The phone telephony network 
Agent: to sustain the call
Customer: ok
Agent: for US its $0.01/call minute, for other regions can go to $0.50
Customer: I will read the document
Agent: This one is $0.33/min
Agent: But there are ways to decrease it, dont worry
Customer: the other question is regarding a voice that you have available on your main home page that we like but it is not available to use
Agent: Which one?
Agent: Do you have the id from Elevenlabs? We can add it for you
Customer: This spanish voice that it is for test, i can not find
Customer: to configure to my assistant
Agent: I will check and make it available for your account 
Customer: Thank you and tell me under which name
Agent: Sure, I will get back to you 
Agent: its added now, the voice is called Enrique
Agent: **Enrique M. Nieto**
Customer: thanks Roxana
Customer: Other thing
Customer: checking in cal.com the assistant did not pass over the email
Customer: so Cal.com then sends the meeting to customers email
Agent: Its better if you pass the email as a variable before the call
Agent: Collecting email over phone is hard even for human assistants
Agent: And since you already have the customer phone (since is used in the call), you can notify it there (sms, whatsapp and so on)
Agent: Also its more effective than email
Agent: You can add email variable and pass it when creating the lead and it will send that to cal.com
Customer: in some cases we only have the cell phone number
Customer: can you please explain "You can add email variable and pass it when creating the lead "
Customer: can you share the documentation where I can check how to connect  the contact list to call for example if its in google sheets document? and how to tell the agent to call new contacts as soon as they are updated on the google sheets doc
Agent: I can send some resources yes
Agent: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Customer: Hello Support team
Customer: I need help connecting to google sheets, 
Customer: Do you a guide,
Customer: I understand is thru the Automate Platform
Customer: I tried to connect to google sheets, but is not working.
Customer: Also I tried to upload an excel file (attached) and I get a message that says: Leads import failed
1 hour ago
Row: 2 - The phone_number must be a valid phone number.
Customer: Can we please schedule a zoom call for support. As  I mentioned previously we need to verify it works for our process before upgrading the plan
Agent: Hello!
Agent: What do you want to accomplish in your google sheets automation?
Agent: The number needs to be in an international format
Agent: are you sure 5218114135625 is a corect number? Try making a direct call from the platform to this number
Agent: And see if it works 
Agent: Calls for support are only available on higher plans
Agent: But we can get it working for you through this chat in the meantime 
Customer: Hello Roxana
Customer: The path we need to automate is to have the ai calling call the leads from a Google Sheets table that will be updated continuously 
Customer: The during the call the ai assistant schedules the call on cal.com including passing on the email
Customer: this number is from Mexico 5218114135625 
Customer: includes the country code
Customer: what is the correct format
Customer: We are testing your service along side other
Customer: We need your help so we can test if if works for what we need 
Customer: this is urgent 
Agent: Hello
Agent: You can do a schedule that runs every 10 minutes or something
Agent: which gets the leads and adds to the platform. Make sure to leave "Allow dupplicates" to disabled so they will not be added more than once
Agent: Your numbers included an extra 1 after +51
Agent: I have corrected them here, please try uploading now
Agent: Regarding your automation, have you already created the flow?
Customer: you mean to update from google sheets? can it be 1 minute? Does this have a cost?
Agent: Sorry, you can start with the sheets trigger directly as in this image
Customer: Are you sure about the number 528114135625
Customer: DO i have to add a + sign before? or not
Agent: Not necessarly
Agent: but needs to be international format. + or without it will append + sign if it doesnt have it (when the import is processing)
Customer: After i connect google sheets successfully, then i went to configure automation but the spreadsheet did not showed
Agent: Can you click on the refresh button?
Customer: now is working
Agent: Great!
Customer: how to pass on the email to cal.com
Customer: either from the conversation or from the source in google sheets
Agent: Add a variable of email in your assistant 
Agent: And pass it when you create the lead 
Agent: It will automatically be sent to cal.com when booking the appointment 
Customer: how can I add the variable
Agent: Let me look
Customer: I created a campaign but it is not finding it
Agent: I have updated it for you
Customer: thanks
Customer: testing failed
Agent: its because you need real ata
Agent: try adding a row in the sheets
Customer: The path is to get the leads from Google Sheets, call the lead, schedule in cal.com if the customer accept and pass to cal.com the email to it can send the invitation
Customer: The sheet has information, just 2 contacts
Agent: add a new row
Agent: if you want to do it once, than use the excel import
Customer: I need to test google sheets because that is how it will work
Agent: Then add a new row in your sheet and should create the lead
Agent: If you want to take previous entries, than do a schedule as trigger
Agent: That periodically fetches all the rows and adds them to the campaign
Agent: great
Customer: How to configure how often it checks google sheets
Agent: You can see your new lead here
Customer: do I needd ot add  something more here
Agent: You can setup in the schedule trigger
Agent: With your current flow its automatic. When new row is added in sheets, than it adds the lead in platform
Agent: You can do another flow and use schedule instead if you want to get everything always instead of reacting on each new row
Customer: After the first time to connect the sheet it should check for new contacts and call
Customer: automatically 
Customer: how often does it check
Agent: with schedule you set it. with current implementation is not "checking" but triggered once a new row is added (so instantly)
Customer: please can you explain
Customer: another question plese
Customer: please
Customer: The variables should I use {email}
Customer: like this format
Agent: yes
Agent: but for email you dont need to do anything else, it will be already sent
Customer: Hello good morning, please help me cancel the subscription 
Agent: Hello! May I know what happened?
Customer: It it too difficult to configure and not working as expected. I requested support via zoom but is not available. We were comparing other platforms and they offer zoom support on the free tier to configure 
Agent: What configuration is missing for you? Remember I configured it last time through chat, what is missing now?
Customer: It has taken a lot a time
Customer: I asked for zoom call to do it faster
Customer: But is not available
Customer: for my plan
Customer: please proceed with the cancellation
Customer: The email was not passing to cal.com
Customer: I appreciate that you proceed with the cancellation
Agent: Will fixing the email passing to cal.com work for you? And if you still have questions I can forward to the team to do a call if you are interested in upgrading later
Customer: Thank you, I appreciate that you proceed with the cancellation
Agent: You can cancel it in your account under plans or billing profile
Customer: If we had the zoom call from the beginning it woudl have been faster to understand how to configure as it is difficult 
Customer: I already clicked there but it is not working, 
Agent: It will stay like that until it ends
Agent: If you clicked on that, that it will cancel
Customer: It shows this page
Customer: it is not working
Customer: 500 Server Error
The page you're looking for isn't available.

Try searching again or use the Go Back button below.
Customer: I appreciate that you help proceed with the cancellation
Agent: Yes, I just mentioned that if you clicked on that button it will already cancel. The reason of the error is that you cannot cancel it twice
Customer: But I did not get a confirmation
Customer: that it is cancelled
Agent: It worked the first time you clicked it
Customer: How Can I tell it is cancelled?
Customer: I did not get a confirmation
Agent: In billing info..
Agent: See?
Customer: Thank you

-------------------

Conversation 483

Customer: When we contract one plan, can we easily upgrade to a higher plan and how is this organised (does it pro-rate the remaining months of the year with new price)?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, you can upgrade your plan and you will not lose anything
Customer: Great. Could we see the UI of where we manage our content?
Agent: We do not have trial or free plans, but I can share some resources with you
Customer: That's good enough yes please
Agent: Please find videos with the platform below:

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>

[https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk](https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf)

[https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)

<https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4> 
Customer: great
Customer: We sent earlier today an email to your contact email. Since we're a global real estate CRM, we'd like to explore the functions of the solution, after which we could consider integration into our CRM and present as reseller to our users base. How can we best go about this topic?
Agent: It will be best to go with the white label plan in order to resell the platform to your customers
Customer: sure that I understand, yet what we also need to understand is the abilities to integrate it with our APIs
Agent: We have a no code platform similar to zapier and make which features 250+ integrations with tools
Agent: Regarding integrating your own tool, that can be integrated on your white label platform for your users to use
Customer: so we can connect with our API's modifying code where exactly?
Agent: You can get more context about how the no-code platform works in the videos above. To integrate your own tool in the paltform you can:   
- create custom code (js) in the no-code platform that can communicate with your software (and webhooks aswell) and share it as a template whichj you can make available for your customers to use   
- request to develop an integration with your tool instead of using the custom code
Customer: ok will review the videos
Customer: lastly, since we'd be using the whitelabel plan, is there a limit of individual customers on our end to connect and how do we account for the spent minutes per subaccount?
Agent: May I know from which email have you sent your request to the team?
Customer: it was sent from info@optima-crm.com
Agent: there are no limits regarding users. Your customers will get the same platform as Autocalls and manage their own flows by themselves. When your users will get minutes, $0.09 will be automatically deducted from us /minute and the profit will go directly to you
Agent: You will also have a Stripe dashboard to manage payouts, invoices and everything payment related
Customer: ok and how would the 3500 included minutes be calculated (as we'd have some that use many, others less)?
Agent: You will define plans for your users with limitations, included monthly minutes and price. When a user checks out a plan we will retain included minutes * 0.09 from the plan
Agent: For extra minutes is the same
Customer: ok - so each would get a dashboard to configure, update contents etc.
Customer: So what I'll dois: 1. review videos, 2. ask any more Q's, 3. start a starter plan to testdrive it ourselves. Is that what you recommend as well?
Agent: If you allow your users to join the platform for free and pay per minute, then if you charge them with $0.30/minute; $0.21 will go directly to you
Agent: exactly, they have full control over their accounts
Customer: ok but the 3500 included minutes are not first deducted from our account, prior to charging 9 cents/min?
Agent: access to all features that you choose to allow based on the plans you create
Agent: You can transfer them manually to each user
Customer: ok that makes sense
Agent: sure, but the white label plan will be paused soon since the team offers 1-1 dedicated support and we almost completed this batch
Agent: Its been released 1-2 weeks ago
Agent: I will forward to the team to review your email and get back to you in the meantime
Agent: Let me know what other queries you might have
Customer: OK - will review and let u know any further Q's. This implementation process may take a few weeks on our end, prior to starting the white label one. The white label one is the goal for our solution as we need to offer it to our users
Agent: I think the white label is planned to close by end of this week. Do you think its possible to start it earlier and start setting it up in parallel?
Customer: thats not happening since we need to testdrive it ourselves first
Customer: we have a large potential network for you - we represent the European association of real estate, with our 200000 real estate businesses represented
Customer: There's besides our CRM solution also another platform we're releasing in 2025, related to anti-money laundry (first European AML solution) built with the European association and in collaboration with the EC. Here we could also see usage of the solution. 25 countries will participate in the platform (gradually adding countries).
Customer: I hope you can understand that such decisions cannot be taken in two days and must be properly investigated and a roadmap defined...
Agent: Of course, let me know!
Customer: 👍 

-------------------

Conversation 482

Customer: Hi
What is your llm engine as ai ?

+

Can i have a call with french voice because i worry about accent

+

What mean 1 outbound campain a month ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Our base llm are open ai custom trained for phone calls
Agent: For French you can preview a voice on our landing page 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available
Agent: We are partners with Elevenlabs which have the best voices in the world
Agent: You can also clone your own voice 
Agent: 1 campaign for starter plan means that you cannot have more than 1 campaign at the same time 
Customer: ok..
if i choose a month to test it.
I'll need time set it up perfetly
Is my month credit is counting even if i don't make call at first ?
Customer: I mean what if i need 15 days to set up
Agent: Your credits are deducted only if you do calls 
Agent: We are also here to guide you set it up
Customer: my minutes i guess. But I have to use all my crédit in the month ? What if i don't use every minutes ?
Agent: Yes, your minutes 
Agent: They do not roll over the next month, but if you did not use a good amount of it you can reach out and will help you with them for next month
Customer: Ok great. Last Q.
What if i buy it today. Is my plan is going until 19 january ? Or Will it end at 31 december ?
I mean, to have a complete month of use should i wait until 1 of january ?
Agent: It will go until 19 January 
Agent: It’s 30 days since you activate it 
Customer: Perfect

-------------------

Conversation 481

Customer: Hello, how do I test the application?
Every time he sends me to pay first and then test it.
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We do not have free or trial plans, but we have the free test call on our landing page

-------------------

Conversation 479

Customer: Hi there, looking to get this solution - would you be able to present/demo?
Agent: Hello! 
Agent: We do not have free o trial accounts, but we have the free test call on our landing page 

-------------------

Conversation 388

Customer: Hello, are there instructions on how to best write the "system prompt" for the AI?

Can I write it in German, or does it have to be in English?

I used a template as a guide, but now the AI ​​no longer responds...
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can write it in either german or english
Agent: or both
Agent: If its not responding, make sure you dont have left out {, } or variables that are not defined
Agent: you can click chat with it and if it shows an error its beacause of that
Agent: Let me know if you made it work
Customer: Thanks!!
Customer: Is there a guide on how best to set up the prompt?

I would like to give the AI ​​some background information that it can refer to.
Agent: you can copy paste the info there
Agent: if you have larger data it will need to be done by us in the internal platform
Customer: okay, thanks.
I will try my best and may contact you again by email, as I still have questions about the Zoho integration.
Agent: sure, let me know!
Customer: 👍 
Customer: Do you offer a referral program?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We have the white label program which is best for this
Agent: You get the exact same platform branded with your logo, colors, domains, prices and all which you can resell to your customers
Customer: okay thank you.
where do I find more information about the white label program?
Customer: i found it on the pricing page.
Customer: thank you for your help!
Agent: You can also discuss with our team by scheduling a call here:   
<https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction>
Agent: You will also have your own billing platform with Stripe so your customers payments go directly to your account. You can create your own plans and set your profits 
Agent: Let me know if I can help you with anything else!
Customer: okay, thats sounds interesting.
i think i will book a meeting for 2025.
thank you very much!
Agent: Alright! You are welcome 🙏

-------------------

Conversation 478

Customer: Buna
Agent: Bună! Cu ce te pot ajuta?

-------------------

Conversation 476

Customer: can i get a free demo call before prociding with the plans?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, you can try our free test call on our landing page
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#test-live>
Customer: it is in english language
Customer: did it support hindi language?
Agent: We have hindi available in the platform
Agent: To configure an agent in your language you will have activate a plan and build your own agent
Customer: so for test the assistent in hindi language i need to upgrade for a plan right?
Agent: Yes, but ill assure you its the same as the one in english for quality
Customer: actually i want to test in hindi language to check it's accent
Agent: you can preview a voice here: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Customer: like it is spoken in hindi accent also
Customer: Thanks it help me alot
Agent: Welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 474

Customer: Bonjour 
Customer: C'est quoi votre solution 
Agent: Bonjour, comment puis-je vous aider ?

-------------------

Conversation 475

Customer: Greek language voice ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have Greek available 

-------------------

Conversation 472

Customer: Hi
Customer: which phone countries you have?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We have almost all countries 
Agent: Which one do you want?
Customer: do you have TH? and Thai lang supported?
Customer: and ukraine phone number also interesting
Agent: One moment 
Agent: Thailand is available
Agent: Ukraine is not :(
Customer: alright, thank you
Agent: You will have to get it from a VOIP provider
Agent: And integrate it with SIP in our platform
Customer: aha, will reseach, thank you
Agent: Sure! You are welcome

-------------------

Conversation 471

Customer: Hello, can we try the tool for see how it works in french
Agent: Hello!
Agent: For French you can preview a voice on our landing page, but to do a full call you will need to activate a plan in the platform
Agent: You can preview French here: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Customer: Yes I already do that but we would like to try features and possible configurations
Agent: You will have to activate a plan first. You can get the cheapest one and upgrade later for better costs on scaling
Customer: Ok but you don't have demo account ? Because we have lot of questions 
Customer: With SIP, compatibility and other things
Agent: We dont have free or trial accounts, but we have the free test call on our landing page
Agent: We have SIP integration available too. All VOIP and PBX providers have SIP protocol which can be integrated in our platform
Customer: Can we trained with our data and actualize in real time ? 
Agent: Yes, you can fetch data to inject into the AI right before every call
Agent: Let me send you a video
Agent: <https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg>
Customer: The video is unavailable  
Customer: I think the video is not available in France
Agent: Hmm... that is uncommon. I just checked and it worked
Agent: You have no way to see it?
Agent: [https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo](https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg)
Customer: No all your youtube account video
Agent: There is no restriction set.. can you use a VPN? Alternatively I could request to upload it somewhere else for you
Customer: No I'll try it with an overseas connection
Agent: Alright, let me know if it works
Customer: it works 

-------------------

Conversation 278

Customer: hi there
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi Stefan
Customer: I have a mmeting with you in 2 days and I was wondering if you have by any chance a knoledgebase about your platform
Customer: so I can have a look at it
Agent: I can send you some resources, yes
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=m88-kXe6bZYV7OWX
Agent: https://youtu.be/GbhLZ4A568E?si=Y-P9zUmEXjsQEjix
Customer: that would be awesome, because im interested in your Agency whitelabel plan
Customer: I already saw all of your videos in youtube
Customer: do you have anything else that I can see or read?
Agent: Hmm, I only have these ones at hand
Agent: You can get the cheaper plan and get a grasp of the platform until our meeting and then you can switch to whitelabel if you would like
Customer: I see..
Customer: the thing is, I already saw the platform from your youtube channel
Customer: I have one last question
Customer: If I end up taking your Agency Whitelabel Plan
Customer: how will I get the knowledge of how to use the platform and transmit that to my customers?
Customer: do you have a "Help Center" insie the platform?
Customer: inside*
Agent: I will be your account manager that will take care of your journey
Agent: Thats why we dont have lots of materials
Agent: Because our approach is personal and close
Customer: how long does it take to "master" the platform?
Agent: We can switch to whatsapp and I ll be there to help you from onboarding, setting up the platform to your first flows
Agent: It depends on your tangencies with tech. Experienced customers fully grasp it in 1 day, others in almost a week
Customer: sounds great ;)
Agent: Leave me your number and I will ping you there
Customer: so the platform is very user friendly I see
Customer: sure
Customer: +34610495977
Agent: Exactly
Agent: I just pinged you there
Customer: I saw ;)
Customer: we'll can continue on WhatsApp
Agent: Sure
Customer: hi there
Agent: Hello! I am Roxana, how can I help you today? 
Customer: hi roxana
Customer: quick question do you have by any chance a full list of over 250 integrations that you have within the nocode platfomr?
Customer: platform*
Agent: They are displayed directly in the platform as it constantly changes
Customer: is there any way that i can see it before purchasing (like a free option)?
Customer: or do i have to at least purchase the cheapest version to get the access to the platform
Customer: ?
Agent: At this moment there are listed only in the platform and you will need to get the cheapest plan to see them
Agent: Our docs are currently in redevelopment and in the first 2 weeks of January they will be updated
Agent: And I think they will contain the list with tools

-------------------

Conversation 470

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Roxana, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 467

Customer: HI
Agent: Hello! I am Roxana, how can I help you?
Customer: yes
Customer: I ALREADY HAVE A SWITCHBOARD... IT IS POSSIBLE TO INTEGRATE YOUR SOFTWARE ..? 
Agent: Yes, it can be integrated using SIP protocol
Agent: For both inbound and outbound calls
Customer: OK fine.. there is no one week trial period
Agent: Unfortunately we do not have free or trial plans, but we have the free test call on our landing page
Customer: unfortunately I speak in Italian and I wanted to understand... but the call only takes place in English
Agent: For Italian you can preview a voice here: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Agent: But to do an actual call in Italian you will have to configure your own assistant in the platform
Customer: as I imagined... 
As far as this is concerned, can recordings be sent via email..?
Agent: Of course, we have an internal no-code platform similar to Zapier and Make if it sounds familiar. You can do lots of automations including sending the call details on email
Customer: ok ok ok I'll try your app.. let's hope it goes well :)
Agent: Sure, I will be here to assist you

-------------------

Conversation 462

Customer: We can't upload our mp3 files to clone a voice
Customer: there are our files
Agent: Hello!
Agent: What error do you have?
Customer: the error is that
Customer: can you help us?
Agent: Sure, let me check
Customer: thanks
Agent: Please try now
Agent: And let me know!
Customer: now it work, thanks!
Agent: You are welcome!
Customer: for appointment sheduling feature is avaliable only cal.com type?
Agent: Yes, you can think of cal.com as a midldeware. Its a free tool that itself is integrated with all possible calendars like google, apple, outlook and so on
Customer: ok, but if I want directly use Go High level Calendar?
Agent: In order to use GHL calendar you can integrate it in cal.com. If you need other actions like leads and so on you can directly use GHL in our no-code platform

-------------------

Conversation 450

Customer: still, leads wint get any call phones 
Customer: https://share.zight.com/5zuRmArZ
Customer: meanwile, can i uplaod a nulk phone list to have out calls phone 
Customer: 779390
Customer: pls ignore last image 
Customer: so i need to have Outbound calls  from phone lists (google sheets)
Agent: You imported a file or used the automation platform?
Agent: Hello
Customer: import 
Customer: as well as outomation 
Customer: for each new facebook lead 
Customer: can you help me with that ? 
Customer: it is already 1 month of using but still , i cant use your tool 
Customer: hi
Customer: can you pls suspend my account 
Customer: since i cant see that working 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: It’s Sunday for us and our support is limited today. I don’t understand what is wrong with our platform from your side? 
Agent: You need to have a meta developer account to link fb leads 
Agent: Alternatively you can use google sheets. Send me the link to your sheets and I will try to help you

-------------------

Conversation 463

Customer: us there a free trial
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We do not have free or trial accounts, but you can do a free test call on our landing page
Agent: I can also share some videos with the platform to get a view of it if you would like

-------------------

Conversation 448

Customer: do you provide phone no of UAE
Customer: ??
Agent: Hello! Yes we have UAE numbers but those require custom provisioning by us before hand. The process is handled entirely by us 
Customer: ok
Customer: voice can be cloned or system generated
Customer: voice can be cloned or system generated only
Customer: is conversation based on the user response?
Agent: Voices can be cloned too 
Agent: By uploading samples of a voice 
Agent: Of course, the conversation is natural based on the path user takes. These is no hard coded steps, only general guideline to give context to the ai on how it needs to behave 
Agent: https://youtube.com/shorts/Zvm1I8Y2ITU?si=IbqHmWrOUmJMKJLV
Agent: You can see a demo here 
Customer: give me 30 mins 
Agent: Sure 
Customer: it does not seems human voice
Agent: You can also do a test on our landing page 
Agent: To interact with our ai
Customer: what you mean
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#test-live>
Agent: You can input your number there and the AI will call you to speak with it
Customer: hi
Customer: can you setup uae no for us
Customer: as we can activate the account
Agent: Let me check uae numbers 
Agent: Hello
Agent: 1. For UAE the fastest is to use caller id but works only for outbound and you need to have a UAE normal number

2. Or integrate with SIP protocol from a VOIP/PBX  

3. Or custom provision a number directly by us. But company documents will be required + takes few days to process
Agent: 2 and 3 work for both inbound and outbound
Customer: we dont live in uae and we dont have any phone no for uae or documents
Customer: we are based in canada
Agent: The best way will be to use a VOIP platform where you can get a UAE number and integrate that in our platform. Our team will help you do that
Agent: All voip platforms have SIP protocol which can be used to integrate the number for both inbound and outbound
Customer: ok
Customer: from where i can get voip
Agent: You can look for local providers in UAE
Agent: Since you want a number from there
Agent: Regarding Canada and other countries we already have numbers in our platform. So only UAE will need an external VOIP provider

-------------------

Conversation 459

Customer: can i work with someone for smoother onboarding?
Customer: can i work with someone for smoother onboarding?
Agent: Hello! What do you need help with?
Customer: Im just trying to set up my bot correctly but im missing a few variables and im not sure how to set them correctly
Agent: Let me send you some resources first 
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Agent: https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4
Agent: What variables are you missing?
Customer: my lead list has variables such as "mcs 150 form date", "DOT Number", "address", "drivers", "carrier operation", Im trying to add them
Customer: and really, im just trying to get this up and running as soon as possible so if we can set up a call so someone can help me hands on, it would be great
Agent: I can only help you by chat on your current plan 
Agent: Your goal is to import your leads from excel in an campaign?
Agent: If so, please share the file with me 
Customer: my goal is to get set up as fast as possible and configure my settings correctly 🤣 
Customer: which plan do i need for someone to help me via video?
Agent: You will need the agency plan
Customer: okay, then one of your team can get me fully onboarded and set up  properly?
Agent: Yes

-------------------

Conversation 443

Customer: Can I also buy a German number please?
Customer: For inbound and outbound calls
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Germany requires company documents to be reviewed, thats why its not listed in the numbers page
Agent: https://tally.so/r/nGDRee
Customer: Can I provide you with my own German number? I tried to connect it but it did not work.
+49 221 8282 9729
Agent: You can use caller ID with your own number
Agent: But will work only for outbound
Customer: Okay I would need it for inbound and outbound. 
Agent: For inbound too it will need to either get a new german number, or to integrate with SIP a VOIP number
Customer: https://tally.so/r/nGDRee --> So I will use this link to get a new German number?
Agent: You will have to upload Excerpt from the commercial register (*Handelsregisterauszug*) showing local address
Agent: Our team will process your request and then we can move forward with the German number provisioning
Customer: Great! I will upload the excerpt right now. 
Agent: Awesome!
Customer: Sent! Can you estimate how long it will take you the create the number?
Agent: It takes 24-48 for the documents to be reviewed by carriers
Agent: I will get back as soon as I have updates 
Customer: Thanks!🙌 
Customer: Hi Stefan,
Do you know where I can add information and documents to the assistant to train it?
Agent: Hello! How long are they?
Customer: It could be just our company URL or a sales script of a few PDF pages
Agent: You can copy paste the contents in the prompt
Agent: If you need larger sizes it will need to be done by us in the internal platform
Customer: Okay, thanks!
Agent: Welcome!
Customer: Do you know my phone number disappeared? +1 762-744-8813 I just bought it
Agent: Let me check
Agent: You did not bought any number
Agent: You dont have any transaction, I just checked
Agent: You have to double confirm when buying, maybe that is why
Customer: That is weird because I already did calls with that number 
Agent: Ahh, that is our free number
Agent: Its there to help you test quickly
Agent: Its generally available for everyone who is not using a dedicated number
Customer: Ah okay
Customer: Hi Stefan, Can insert my webhook URL somewhere to receive real-time event notifications?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes
Agent: You can set it in the 3rd tab in your assistant settings
Agent: Hello Jakob! Your company documents for Germany number provisioning have been declined. The reason is them being outdated. Can you provide a more recent Handelsregisterauszug?
Customer: Hey, thanks for letting me know about this
Customer: Does this work?
Agent: Looks like the same document but newer, so should be good
Agent: I will forward to the team to update the request
Customer: Great

-------------------

Conversation 445

Customer: bonjour
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: hello
Customer: thanks to your answers.
Customer: I want to synchronize appointment to autocalls to gohighlevel calendar and Google Calendar
Customer: how can i exctract these variables ?
Agent: you can use cal.com as a middleware
Agent: its free to use and has integration with lots of calendars
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/tools/cal-com
Agent: here is how you can integrate it
Agent: You can also use the automation platform to send other data to your GHL
Agent: Let me share some resources
Agent: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>
Agent: <https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf>
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Customer: I would like to not have to use cal. because I use High level for appointment booking.
Customer: 
I want that when a person picks up the call and I offer them an appointment, I want the time and date of the appointment to be updated in Google Sheet and that this creates an appointment in Google Calendar and in GHL Calendar. 

What I really want is to know how to extract the appointment data once the call is over
Agent: Why not directly integrate with cal.com which can fetch/send data to google calendar and removing the need of google sheets?
Agent: Watching the videos above should give you more overview on how the post call variables extraction works
Customer: because I am a lead generation agency, clients often want to have a G.Sheet with the leads generated from Facebook Ads campaigns.

Another question how to link the Facebook Lead trigger and autocalls?
Agent: I see now
Agent: You will need a fb meta developer account to integrate facebook lead
Agent: and then add client ID an secret in the connection on our internal platform
Customer: ok for facebook thanks
Customer: but for varialbe extraction and gohighlevel, how can i do ?
Agent: You need to define your variables in the post call variables in assistant settings
Agent: And in the no code platform choose autocalls -phone call ended trigger
Agent: and you will get all data there
Agent: that you can send to GHL with an action step
Customer: extract the day and hours of appointment
Customer: is it on autocalls ?
Customer: or on automate platform ?
Agent: you need to deifine it in the autocalls platform
Agent: in assistant settings, 3rd tab
Customer: how can i do to have this format on extract variable 05/10/2024 11:30:
Agent: you can tell it in the description of the variable to do exactly that
Agent: date: string: date of the appointment in the format day/month/year
Agent: same for hour
Agent: or combined
Customer: ok thank you, i'll work on it, and i say you if it's work well.
Customer: regards
Agent: Sure! Let me know 
Customer: Hello
Customer: do you have tutos for facebook Leads connection, i can't see it when i try to add now connection.
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You need to create a meta developer account to get the first keys
Customer: hello
Customer: When i created facebook Pages connection i have this instruction :

To Obtain a Client ID and Client Secret:

Go to https://developers.facebook.com/
Register for a Facebook Developer account.
Once login, click "Make a new app" button.
Select "Other" for use cases.
Choose "Business" as the type of app.
Provide application details: custom name and associated email.
Once your application is created, you need to add a new "product".
Configure a new product of type "Facebook Login Settings".
Default settings should be fine, you only need to provide the Redirect URL in "Valid OAuth Redirect URIs" and your domain name in "Allowed Domains for the JavaScript SDK".
Finally, get your application ID and application secret from your app dashboard in Settings > Basic.
Customer: but when i want to connect facebook Lead connection...nothing.
Customer: i have created meta developper account
Customer: and connected whatsapp and facebook pages connection
Customer: but when i tried to do same with lead connection, i don't have instruction, and have this error message 
Customer: error OAuthent "code 191".
Customer: Are you here ?
Agent: Yes
Agent: Its in french and I cannot understand, but I think you need to add <https://automate.autocalls.ai/red>irect url in allowed redirect domains in your developer account APP
Agent: Please check and let me know
Customer: What product do I need?
Customer: here i have instructions
Customer: but here, no, how can i do ?
Agent: Click on save first
Agent: And then conenct
Agent: If you cannot manage to get through with this
Agent: I think you can set facebook leads directly to output results automatically in a spreasheet
Agent: And from our platform you can set a trigger on new row aded in google sheets to get the lead and make the call
Agent: Let me know if either works
Customer: hello again, is it possible to create an appointment in the gohighlevel calendar once the phone call is end ?
Agent: Yes
Customer: how ?
Agent: You will need to do a custom API call
Agent: From the lead conenctor tool
Customer: do you have instructions ?
Agent: You will have to follow their documentation for creating an appointment using the API 
Agent: https://public-api.gohighlevel.com/#1e0867c3-69da-4240-9427-e1286b79472f
Agent: This one
Customer: and i put it on autocalls ?
Agent: yes
Customer: i'm not api expert
Agent: Under leadconnector - > custom api call
Customer: do you know the method ?
Customer:  GET ? POST ? 
Agent: POST
Customer: an on the header i put customer name, e-mail...
Customer: with key and values ?
Agent: in the body
Agent: like this:
Agent: and the rest
Customer: something like this ?
Agent: Almost 
Agent: Remove } on line 3
Agent: And directly add the “yB5…” without all the trigger wrappers around 
Customer: sorry i don't understand the latest message
Agent: "calendarId": "yВ5z99KrhxбSbgGnkvRJZ"
Agent: Like this 
Customer: Well I don't understand anything, I'm not a coder or developer...too bad
Agent: You are almost there 
Agent: Let me know if it worked 
Customer: is it possible to use zapier or make integration ? Autocalls is compatible ?
Agent: Yes
Agent: Change webhook url in assistant settings 3rd tab 
Agent: To the one from zapier or make 
Agent: And it will send there all the data at the end of the call
Customer: ok, i will try. thanks
Agent: Sure!
Agent: Let me know 
Customer: last thing please, 
Customer: when the call is end ( the real call). how to make AI agent hang up phone automatically?
Agent: You need to enable the "end call" tool on 2nd tab in settings
Customer: that's done
Agent: you need to prompt it when to use it, like when it says good bye or similar
Customer: like this ?
Agent: yes, but the time cannot be set from there
Agent: It doesnt end at all?
Customer: non unfortunally
Agent: I will check to see what happens in your calls
Customer: 
OK, would it be possible for you to make me an automation if I give you exactly the path to follow example

When the call is end --> extract value 1,2,3 and updates google sheet with this value and create google calendar event?

(I could pay you), because I do not have enough skills to do it myself, there are blockages, and it does not allow me to correctly deploy your platform, which is great by the way, I wanted to tell you
Customer: is it possible ?
Agent: Let me have a look in your automation platform first
Customer: 👍 
Agent: What is the name of the spreadsheet you want to update? And sheet name
Agent: I found it
Agent: what is your whatsapp phone number that you registered?
Customer: this is the sheet :
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MKoLHxN0N9N5HcBWQzfqdO2NAN34Bxby-UPkjjiDPqc/edit?gid=0#gid=0
Customer: this is on my raw laurent SEGURA
Agent: This is done
Customer: for the WhatsApp number i need to use this franch number please : 07 78 68 96 01
Agent: sheets and google calendar is done
Customer: great
Customer: is it ok for whatsapp ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: For whatsapp there seems to be an error when sending the message. You can try using SMS by getting a number form the platform that is enabled from SMS (like US)
Customer: Hello i havce these on my facebook developer acount 
Agent: Let me check if it works with your test number there
Agent: You need to reconnect first because it expired
Customer: what do you need ?
Agent: Go in the automate platform in your flow and click to reconnect the tool
Customer: it's done
Customer: there is token and account ID
Customer: token : EAA6Wt4CyjZCcBOxEoXdJxHhQNlpQm67O3LwfcIAdqZAGSxHQTSINBJ9fC1qO8Ep6ytpzHL8LKf3qXKNa38myMUqILYZAJXoZA1ZACNQWpES3n9PVkQjdWenEP27jaQ9bZBPQ46IedDpjW8HJtZCZCTEezZAnmFJUpoH4UeIIZCe9ZAuByxvdVYpaaPslSjQt3n4eUl8XkZATKJQHx44ZAnTdFaNspBnrt
Customer: Business account ID : 506556399209247
Customer: i had reconect account
Agent: Great, have you received the message?
Customer: no, 
Customer: but i have received this on my phone
Agent: I think you have to migrate your whatsapp integration to production from testing
Customer: ok i run this 
Customer: i have integrate a french phone number on whatsapp/facebook developper intégration. This is +33 755 524 139
Customer: maybe it better ?

-------------------

Conversation 460

Customer: good day
Customer: talk to human please
Customer: is anybody here?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: my name is George Zviadadze
Customer: I am a CEO and owner of Telco GLOBALCELL
Customer: in 10 countrries 
Customer: https://globalcell.com.ge for example in Georgia
Customer: https://globalcell.eu in BUlgaria etc
Customer: can I speak with your company owner or CEO please?
Customer: +995559000001 is my phone number 
Agent: Nice to meet you George!
Agent: Sure, I will forward your number to Stefan Petrea, our Co-Founder
Customer: I need to talk to him on a few topics:

1. I want to become a partner if he wants and I am ready to buy 10% in your company

2. I need permission to RESELL your solution to my 96 000 corporate clients = companies using my telco services

3. I wish to have white label solution from you

4. I need to offer you a very good call termination rates also SMS termination etc

5. I wish your company to become my reseller as well.

please allow me to ask you to forward the topics to your respcetful company co-owner and with his kind permission to share with me his contact details 

my name George Zviadadze
+995559000001
+447700307777
george@globalcell.group
Agent: Of course, he will reach out to you

-------------------

Conversation 458

Customer: I connected cal.com with API key and Event ID but the assistant is not scheduling meetings 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Have you followed the steps from here?
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/tools/cal-com
Agent: Also make sure to match the timezone of the ai 
Customer: I did the step on the link, can you explain about the timezone 
Customer: Where do I configure time zone in autocalls 
Agent: Timezone is set on the first page of the assistant settings 

-------------------

Conversation 455

Customer: hi , can u give me a sample on how to design the prompt properly
Customer: because the bot is not saying the right things
Customer: it feels too robotic and not natural
Customer: what is the right way to instruct agent 
Customer: if you can give me a base model sample would be great
Customer: the more im adjusting it the more its sounding super weird now 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can use our base templates to start quickly. What is your flow about?
Customer: your templates are bad
Customer: From the "Initial message" to the "system prompt" the way it talks doesnt make sense
Agent: The initial message is spelled as it is written
Agent: For prompt, what flow do you want to implement?
Customer: i want to follow up on my clients who are late in keeping their account active
Agent: How would you want the AI to do that when your prompt is this one?
Customer: No i am testing that one
Customer: can u see the one i used previously?
Agent: No
Customer: can i pay one of ur staff
Customer: to help me set up a good one like Bland Ai
Agent: Can you send the prompt from there and set it to your ai?
Agent: You can also change the ai engine to a smarter one 
Customer: let me get the prompt done right first and will contact u for the tuning of the AI
Customer: because when i test it sounds fake
Customer: and the way it handles objection is irrelevant
Customer: Also how do we call people in South East Asia
Customer: your carrier cost for now based on my checking is so high
Customer: for example a call to malaysia is 0.24 cents a minute, thats intense
Customer: could you guys create a new template
Customer: for an AI Agent to do a client check up
Customer: that focuses on notifying that their account is inactive
Customer: ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Templates cannot be added by us, they need to go through the development team 
Customer: can u inform the development team
Customer: template is too limited
Agent: So you will have to create your prompt for your specific case for now 
Agent: I will, but don’t rely on this since there are other feature priorities until this request 
Agent: Have you updated your template in the meantime?
Agent: You can use chat gpt to build it too
Customer: can u give me the prompt to chatgpt
Customer: somehow ur AI doesnt understand well
Agent: You can tell it to write a prompt for a voice AI phone calls bot that ... and then describe your flow and scenario
Customer: also what about the rate
Customer: is there a special price for bulk calls
Customer: i have around 6000 clients
Customer: \your rates now are too expensive
Customer: compared to the different providers, is there a corporate rate or something
Customer: current rate is not feasible for big scale calling
Agent: Our lowest price from the platform is $0.09/min
Agent: Where have you found a smaller price? Including all we provide, like Elevenlabs which alone will cost you that to integrate on other platforms 
Customer: 2minutes 28 second call costs me almost 2usd
Customer: that is pretty steep
Customer: 6000 clients = 12000 usd
Agent: How did you calculate?
Customer: its writtien on my dashboard
Customer: check my call history
Customer: to south africa 3-5 mins ago
Customer: it states here 1 dollar 40 cent
Agent: It depends where you are calling 
Agent: For this example, the carriers costs are $0.47/mi
Agent: This is direct cost from twilio, so you cannot go lower than this anywhere 
Agent: Only by integrating a voip number from a different platform 
Agent: Only by integrating a voip number from a different platform 
Agent: Through sip trunking 
Agent: We do this for larger clients, but first you will have to identify a voip provider or your own pbx solution that has lower costs for SA 
Agent: Basically the carrier costs will be moved to that platform and in ours you will pay only for AI minute which is $0.09
Customer: which voip platform do u guys work well with
Customer: can u check
Customer: why my credit is finished
Customer: i thought its for 120 minutes
Customer: total call time is less than 40 mins
Customer: how does this happen
Customer: is this normal?
Customer: 40 minutes vs 120 minutes is a far gap
Customer: please let me know asap
Customer: to be exact total call is under 30 minutes
Customer: is this a glitch or what?
Agent: No, from the minutes balance there are deducted the carriers costs as well 
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/costs
Agent: You can see more here
Customer: thats a big difference though
Customer: 30 mins call time + 90minutes carrier cost
Customer: 30 mins call = 90 minutes carrier cost that is crazy
Agent: It varies based on needs, like local ones
Customer: are u sure this pricing is competitive?
Agent: I dont know for South Africa
Customer: because this is not sustainable for big calls
Agent: For US carrier costs are less than $0.01/call minute
Customer: my true calling minutes is only 30% of what is given from 120 mins
Customer: is this permenant or will u guys change
Agent: We have no control over these costs, and they are the lowest since we dont have any markup on them
Customer: if this is fixed
Customer: i might need to use another provider
Customer: because if usually if im given 120 minutes, it is pure 120 minutes of call
Customer: this is quite deceiving
Agent: It is for our most common regions. Like I said average carrier costs are $0.01
Customer: u should have placed 30 minutes instead of 120 minutes
Customer: we are an international business
Agent: $0.5 in SA is not our control and I am sure you will not find it cheaper
Customer: not just US
Agent: Yes, average means most countries. South africa in your case is an exception where their country charge it high
Agent: You have also enabled this feature
Agent: 33 calls * 1 minute from voice mail detection feature is 33 minutes
Agent: You can think of minutes as credits that can be used for various services (Carriers, features, sms and AI costs of course which are pure)
Customer: i have checked other providers
Customer: some are giving 0.045 per min for SA
Customer: so im not sure where did u get the numbers of 0.5 being lowest
Agent: Send me here please
Customer: https://www.twilio.com/en-us/voice/pricing/za
Agent: Its exactly the same as in our platform ;)
Customer: no
Customer: i can integrate a local number
Customer: for just a fraction of the price
Customer: and obtaining each countrys local number is much cheaper
Customer: and using Bland AI as the calling agent
Agent: We are using twilio
Agent: You can get a number from the platform and benefit of that price
Customer: so now if i add 100$ fund
Customer: 500 mintues
Customer: how many actual minutes am i getting
Customer: 150 minutes only?
Customer: can i integrate the number from twillio to this platform?
Customer: because i need a solution 
Customer: i have 6000 clients to call monthly
Customer: im not paying 12000 usd for it
Agent:  
Agent: you can get a number from here
Customer: so if i get a number from u
Customer: how much cheaper is the call
Customer: SA number calling SA customer
Customer: compared to now which is UK number calling SA customer
Agent: normally it should be like in your picture
Agent: $0.027
Agent: this is what twilio says, but I cannot guarantee that
Customer: 0.027 vs 0.5 initially correct?
Customer: so half the price?
Agent: no
Agent: more
Customer: can i get numbers from Pakistan, India , Nigeria and Phillipiines?
Agent: its 0.027, not 0.27. It has a 0 in front
Customer: these are my major clients
Agent: around 25 times less for carrier costs
Customer: beautiful
Customer: makes more sense
Agent: For AI costs you need to get higher plans to unlock better prices. But they all incldue more minutes
Customer: because i calculated if i called 6000 clients with the existing price more than 1 time a month average cost will be 24-36k USD
Agent: for starter is $0.20/ minute
Customer: i want to assign each agent to each countyr
Customer: my country list

1. India
2. Pakistan
3. Nigeria
4. Philippines
Customer: can we get local numbers of this country? I will upgrade my plan
Agent: only from philippines
Agent: They are not available on twilio neither
Agent: but they can be custom provisioned
Customer: okay can i get the phillipines first
Agent: it takes few days for them to provision
Customer: also i dont mind being custom provisioned
Agent: you will need to submit company documents first
Agent: registration document showing local address
Customer: okay let me know what u need, i will provide my company detail
Agent: https://tally.so/r/nGDRee
Agent: you can upload it here
Customer: okay will text u tomorrow
Customer: im going for a meeting now
Agent: Sure!

-------------------

Conversation 456

Customer: Can this app be configures to World in soanish?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, it can speak in Spanish 
Customer: Hiw can I test an example of the calls in spanish?
Agent: To make it speak in Spanish you will have to setup your own assistant by activating your account 
Agent: You can preview Spanish here 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available

-------------------

Conversation 454

Customer: hi! im interested in pro plan
Customer: tengo algunas dudas
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Sure, what questions do you have?
Customer: me comentaron por inbox que para usar la voz en español, tengo yo que configurar el asistente de plataforma, es un trabajo muy dificil?
Agent: Para nada. Nuestra plataforma es muy intuitiva y fácil de usar.
Customer: puedo ingresar a la plataforma para revisarla mediante alguna cuenta gratuita sin haber usado créditos?
Customer: como una cuenta demo
Agent: No tenemos cuentas gratuitas o de prueba, pero puedo compartir contigo algunos vídeos en su lugar
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf
Agent: https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Customer: it use eleven labs voices?
Customer: can you show the examples of spanish voices pls
Customer: in spanish can only use dalia voice?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We use Elevenlabs yes. You can use any voice from there + clone your voice directly in our platform
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Agent: You can preview Spanish here

-------------------

Conversation 453

Customer: Hello. Do you have Greek phone numbers? (+30...)
Agent: Hello!
Customer: Hello. Do you have Greek phone numbers? (+30…)
Agent: Greek numbers are not available by default, they need to be custom provisoned upon company documents review. This process is done by us for you
Agent: But, you can also use caller ID
Agent: So if you already have a Greek number, you can integrate it in the platform
Agent: And the AI can use it
Customer: How can I do the integration of an already existing Greek number?
Agent: You will receive a call to verify an OTP code that our platform provides and thats it!
Agent: The AI will then use your number to make calls to clients
Agent: And you can still use your number as usual
Customer: Can that greek number be employed for incoming call as well?
Agent: Caller ID works only for oubound
Agent: For inbound will have to get a dedicated greek number or integrate a VOIP number using SIP
Agent: If you use a platform like VOIP or PBX you can add the numbers from there into our platform using SIP protocol
Customer: I already have a VOIP Greek number. How does SIP work?
Agent: It will need to be integrated by us and its available from Pro plan
Customer: OK thank you!
Agent: Are you going to start now? So I can assist you further
Customer: Let me think about it. It sounds like an interesting service. Thank you Stefan! 😀 
Agent: Sure! Keep in touch

-------------------

Conversation 452

Customer: I tried the demo it hasnt worked yet
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Can you give me your number to check?

-------------------

Conversation 441

Customer: Hey 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: are you AI or human 
Agent: I’m not an AI ;)
Customer: Ohk. :)
Customer: Am interested in your platform. 
Customer: Want to test that 
Customer: also have few questions. 
Agent: Sure 
Agent: We don’t have free or trial accounts, but you can do a free test call on our landing page 
Agent: Are you interested in white label as well?
Agent: Let me know what questions you have 
Customer: yes am interested for white label. 
Customer: its about pricing. you offering monthly subscription + calls per minutes .. these calls per minutes are for voip services or what. 
Customer: how I can proceed without any demo 
Agent: We are integrated with twilio already 
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/costs
Agent: Here are more about costs 
Agent: But take note that for ai cost will be the price from your plan not $0.20
Agent: You can start with the cheapest plan and upgrade to white label afterwards 
Customer: can you explain this 
Customer: Only twillo ? Can not add our sip trunks ?
Agent: You can add sip trunks, yes 
Agent: And caller id 
Customer: I need for my call center clients. 
Customer: Means we dont need to use Twillo only. Can add our SIP IP configurations and can route to our voip Providers 
Agent: Exactly 
Customer: ok good. Now please confirm about priceing. 
Customer: pricing 
Customer: if we are having outbound call center for XYZ campaign and we consume about 50,000 minutes for that campaign daily. It means we need to pay 8000 USD. Daily for you AI services ?
Customer: ??
Agent: No
Agent: If you use sip trunk it will be 4500
Agent: 50,000 x $0.09
Customer: 4500 USD daily for AI Service ?
Customer: voip service is seperate right  ?
Agent: If you integrate with sip yes 
Agent: Yes, for our ai only in this scenario 
Customer: do you think its realistic for call center market  ?
Agent: Yes, but it’s indeed on the higher usage 
Agent: You can do 50k calls 
Agent: Since not all respond or take the same 
Customer: no 50,000 minutes are just normal for call center market 
Customer: that can consume by 10 agents 
Agent: Yes, we have call centers onboard too
Customer: what capacity they are using. 
Customer: how much concurent calls and how much minutes they using. 
Customer: in your agency plan you mention 500 calls in parrelal if we are doing 500 parrelal calls they will consume 30,000 minutes in 1 hour. and 240,000 in 8 hours we can consider 50% of it in minutes consumption. lets say 120,0000 minutes which will cost 10,800 USD daily for your AI Service. 
Customer: literally not workable, I also want to know if you are having monthly subscriptions they why charging per min  ?
Agent: What is not workable?
Agent: Because subscriptions unlock better costs and features 
Customer: what do you think how much business a call center can make by uisng 100,000 minutes 
Customer: and voip cost is seperate. 
Customer: ??/
Agent: I don’t understand what do you want to ask 
Agent: If you think it’s too costly for you it’s ok 
Agent: We have discounts on volumes for call centers 
Agent: But that will be discussed in a later stage 
Customer: can have demo ?
Agent: If you were in these market, you would know that there are tests that need to be made before moving 10 assistants to AI
Agent: I can share with you some resources 
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf
Agent: https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Customer: hello 
Customer: have few question s
Agent: Sure, tell me
Customer: this is live connecting with Chatgpt or seperate from this 
Agent: What do you mean?
Agent: Every provider is already integrated in the platform 
Agent: We work with best providers like Elevenlabs, OpenAI, twilio 
Customer: I mean you are doing AI functions independently or connected with Open AI
Agent: We are using open ai models custom trained by our software 
Agent: We also have functions that can integrate with the AI like appointment scheduling and more 
Customer: I just want to confirm your software is independent AI model or integrated with OPEN AI 
Agent: We have multiple versions 
Agent: We have our own models, custom OpenAI models and pure OpenAI models 

-------------------

Conversation 451

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 449

Customer: Hola, me puedes hacer un llamada muestra en Español 
Agent: Hola, para hacer una llamada en español tendrás que crear tu propio asistente en la plataforma. También puedes previsualizar un discurso en español aquí
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available

-------------------

Conversation 446

Customer: hi
Customer: can i have a demo
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We do no have free plans or trials, but you can do a free test call with our AI on our landing page
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#test-live>
Customer: custom voice
Customer: possible?
Agent: you will need to configure your own assistant in the platform
Agent: Aftter you onboard a plan
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 447

Customer: Can I assign One outgoing phone number for each of my call agents?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, you can use the same number for multiple assistants
Customer: I mean If I have ten agents. Will each of them get a number? Could i do that?
Customer: Or better said. I need to make calls to a certain number that will immediately recognize and ban phone calls from the same number. So I wondere if there's a way to assign a number for each of the calls I need to make.
Agent: It will be pretty costly on your side
Agent: You can switch the number in the assistant settings
Agent: But you will have to get a dededicated one first
Customer: I see. Thanks!
Agent: welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 444

Customer: hi, i need detailed steps on connecting my white label and setup
Agent: Hello! I have followed up on WhatsApp 

-------------------

Conversation 442

Customer: hi there
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: my name is Anthony, im the car sales wanted to find out a few things on the use of this ai, white label in the long run and as well as practicall use in our industry
Customer: do i need to have the telephone infrustructure or do you already provide a number that does the outbound calls?
Agent: You dont need to integrate any other provider
Agent: We have telephony infrastructure already integrated in the platform
Agent: And you can get phone numbers directly from our platform
Customer: wow okay, then i presume the system allows me to input a script and as well as the data base to be called ?
Agent: Yes
Agent: We have a no code automation platform aswell
Customer: i not familer with that 
Agent: Which can integrate with +250 tools to pull data directly from your app
Agent: Like hubspot, forms and many others
Agent: But you can also bulk import data
Customer: my date base seats on excell
Customer: do you have a reseller for south africa
Agent: yes, you can directly import it 
Agent: right now we dont have a white label partner in South Africa
Customer: im intrested
Customer: how do we set up a demo
Customer: where do you have white label partners so i can see real practical uses
Agent: We have all over the world on different niches
Agent: From enterprise (large call centers) to specific use cases
Agent: Like medical, finance, e commerce, dealerships
Customer: okay i see, for now i would want to deploy it for use in the automotive dealership use case and then will introduce the white label to resell to other clients
Agent: Great!
Agent: I can share some resources with you
Agent: Have you also tested the AI on our landing page?
Agent: We dont have any free or trial plans, only the free test call on the landing
Customer: im waiting for it to call me now
Agent: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>
Agent: <https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf>
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Agent: You can give me your number and I will set it to call you
Customer: is it possible to set an agreement to be the only white label for  South Africa market
Customer: +27764114709
Agent: Yes, right now we are onboarding 1 partner per country 
Agent: We just opened white label last weeks
Agent: And will close this week or something since the spots are almost full
Customer: okay happy with that just scheduled a call, can you tell me a bit more about this white label programm 
Customer: what are the associated costs or targets, what will we get when we sign up and how it works
Agent: Sure
Agent: We can also connect on whatsapp too
Agent: Should I ping you there?
Customer: yes absolutely
Agent: I have sent you a message there

-------------------

Conversation 440

Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: puedo hablar con un n asesor
Customer: quiero agendar una demo
Agent: ¿Podría indicarme cuáles son sus preguntas para que pueda transferirme al departamento adecuado? ¿Está interesado en la marca blanca?
Customer: estamos interesados en probar el servicio apra adquirir una marca blanca
Customer: pero queremos una demo
Customer: y ver si se peude integrar con Go high level y con números nacioanles, en especifico de una ciudad
Customer: estamos en México
Agent: GHL puede integrarse. También se pueden adquirir números locales de México directamente desde la plataforma.

¿Has probado la llamada de prueba gratuita en nuestra landing page?
Agent: Puede concertar una llamada aquí
Agent: <https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction>
Agent: Tenga en cuenta que la convocatoria será en inglés
Customer: ok perfecto
Customer: si tengo una traductora para invitarla a la llamda
Agent: Claro, puedes añadirlos en la invitación
Customer: excelente agendo de inmediato, muchas gracias
Agent: De nada
Customer: estoy intentando hacer una prueba desde la página de inicio
Customer: pero no me llega el código SMS
Agent: escríbeme aquí tu número y te enviaré una llamada
Customer: +52 449 638 80 70
Customer: puedeser la prueba en español con la AI?
Agent: el que te llama ahora está preparado para el inglés. Puedo configurar uno para español también
Customer: si por favor 
Customer: estoy con un socio
Customer: y queremos escucharlo en español
Agent: Un momento
Customer: ok estamos en espera
Agent: ya viene
Customer: perdon no alcancé a contestar
Customer: estaba en mute
Customer: puede enviarme de nuevo please
Agent: sí
Customer: solo da respuestas de una sola palabra
Customer: no se si algo está mal
Agent: déjame comprobar, es un asistente al azar que tenía en mi cuenta
Customer: ok
Customer: ya se realizó la llama mucho mejor
Customer: solo dos preguntas
Customer: puedo seleccionar voces de 11labs?
Agent: Genial, de nuevo es sólo un asistente aleatorio que se puede configurar en términos de tiempos de respuesta, flujos, temperatura y otros ajustes.
Customer: y la otra pregunta es, puedo adaptar y estar nutriendo mi propio prompt para ir afinando las reglas de como responda la AI?
Customer: perfecto
Customer: he agendado una llamada para el miercoles pero por lo pronto crepo que voy a probar con el servicio de 35 usd
Agent: Por supuesto, estamos asociados con Elevenlabs y podemos utilizar voces de allí + clonar directamente en nuestra plataforma
Customer: puedo usa un número que ya tengo de mi compañia para que sea el que se use con este sistema?
Agent: Claro, puedes configurar tu propia IA con el plan más barato hasta nuestra llamada y luego pasar a marca blanca
Agent: Puede utilizar el identificador de llamadas para la salida o puede haber extensiones SIP integradas de plataformas VOIP
Customer: ok, ustedes son revendedores de marca blanca o son proveedores directos?
Agent: Es nuestro software propietario. Nuestra empresa principal Heap es una empresa de desarrollo de software desde hace 10 años
Customer: ok perfecto muchas gracias
Customer: procedo a realizar la compra del paquete de 34 para probar y el miercoles me conecto a la llamada
Customer: una pregunta más
Agent: Claro, ¿qué pasa?
Customer: una vez contratando el servicio como puedo hacerle para poder implementarlo en GHL?
Customer: ustedes ahcen la implementación?
Agent: Puede utilizar nuestra plataforma de automatización sin código, que cuenta con más de 300 herramientas, incluida GHL
Customer: o ok perfecto pues entonces lo pruebo y si tengo dudas los contacto
Customer: muchas gracias
Agent: Claro, estaré aquí para ayudarte
Customer: muy bien
Customer: muchas gracias
Agent: De nada

-------------------

Conversation 439

Customer: hi
Customer: i want to get a demo
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can get a free test call on our landing page 
Customer: i want to discuss the features with a sales person
Agent: Are you interested in white label as well?
Agent: You can schedule a call here 
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction

-------------------

Conversation 253

Customer: Hola, queremos hacer unas pruebas y necesito probar cómo funciona el agente que he creado en el plan básico
Customer: puedo integrar twilio para hacer las pruebas de comunicación?
Customer: o conectar mi issabel pbx para que trabaje con el agente?
Agent: He respondido en whatsapp
Customer: Mucha gracias
Customer: Buenos días, hoy imagino que no habrá nadie para atender esta solicitud, pero como queremos ponerlo en marcha lo antes posible, estamos trabajando en ello estos días. Necesitamos que activéis más números internos para recibir las llamadas, concretamente los números 661 al 670 los users son los propios números de agente, y el passwd es el mismo para todos: d58f101b91e63da778d0d3534575690d
Customer: la dirección ip del servidor es la misma que la que ya tenemos creada la 660
Customer: La única extensión que no se ha creado es la 666, con lo que sólo tenéis que configurar la 661, 662, 663, 664, 665, 667, 668. 669 y 670
Customer: ¿Hemos observado que se nos están cobrando las pruebas que estamos realizando a 0.20 ctms por minuto, cuando en el plan white label tendría que estar a 0.09 correcto?
Agent: ¡Hola! Con respecto a los precios que se facturan lo que dice en su plan. $0.20 era nuestro precio anterior hasta que los planes se han introducido y por eso era un problema de visualización solamente. Sus extensiones se han añadido a su cuenta, por favor, compruebe y hágamelo saber.

-------------------

Conversation 436

Customer: cie collegamento go high level
Agent: Hello! Yes we have GHL integration

-------------------

Conversation 435

Customer: Supporte Jobber?
Agent: Hello
Agent: Yes

-------------------

Conversation 434

Customer: Hello, I want to resell it as a white label? do you offer that ? 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have white label available 
Customer: How is it works? I don’t the it? It want to use it for Germany inbound calls. 
Customer: I don’t see the option 
Customer: where can I see it? 
Agent: It’s available on our pricing plansn
Agent: Plans*
Agent: Yes, you can use it in Germany for both inbound and outbound calls 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Customer: Ahh I seee 
Customer: Moment 
Agent: With white label you get the exact same platform as Autocalls 
Agent: With your own brand, logo, colors domain prices and all
Agent: You also get 3500 included minutes that you can use 
Customer: how many different customers can I put in to it? 
Agent: So you are basically paying for minutes and also getting the platform to resell with profit to your customers 
Customer: unlimited? 
Agent: Unlimited 
Customer: ahh so when I have 10 costumers… I make with everyone I minute deal higher then mine. Is that correct? 
Agent: So you can create your own plans for your customers 
Customer: I’m just starting but I have a armee from  5 guys ready to sell it for me. I want to play with it an I need access for testing. 
Customer: can I get a deal that I have access to the white label account to set it up. 
Agent: $0.09 will be automatically deducted to us and the profit will go directly to you
Customer: Www.sevincmediamarketing.com 
Agent: We don’t have free plans or trials 
Customer: I don’t want to pay the 400 when I don’t have a customer yet 
Agent: You will have to activate the white label plan to get access to it 
Customer: but I need to set up some agents to show them 
Agent: You can go with the cheaper plans, setup your agents and when you are ready upgrade to white label 
Agent: I can share some resources in the meantime too
Customer: okay that’s wath I thought 
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Customer: okay I check it out and come back when I have questions. 
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf
Agent: https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4
Agent: We can also connect on WhatsApp if it’s more convenient for you 
Agent: You can leave me your phone number and I will ping you there 
Customer: +523221697265 

-------------------

Conversation 433

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer:  Are you ai;
Agent: No 😄

-------------------

Conversation 432

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer:   تدعالكلام بالصوت
Customer: ؟

-------------------

Conversation 343

Customer: Hello! For some reasson ai keep end the call before even finish the initial message
Agent: Hello! Did it happen before? 
Agent: I will check in your account 
Customer: it happens for the last 2 calls
Agent: Please try again now and let me know
Customer: now its fine Stefan. Thanks.
Agent: Awesome!
Customer: Hi stefan! 
What better? 
Customer: Write the promot in english 
Customer: or in the language i want the AI to talk
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can do both actually
Agent: The AI will talk in the language you set in the settings
Agent: Prompt can be any language, whichever is more convenient for you
Agent: Only the initial message needs to be in the language you want it to speak
Agent: That is read as it is
Customer: Nice! Any tips about promting? Is the bold and heading writing have any role ?
Agent: Its more for your visual appearance
Agent: So you can distringuish important information
Agent: But its a good rule to write it organised so the AI can understand it better
Customer: One last question. The AI can't close the phone when the order is complete. Only if i say "close the phone". Any tips about that ?
Agent: You can write in the end call tool description when to end the call (when the order is complete)
Agent: And also you can write in the system prompt that when the order is complete to use the "end_call" tool to end the call
Customer: ok thanks i ll try.
Agent: Sure, let me know!
Customer: if i want the AI to know the product  list and prices do i have to write all the products in the promt or there a better way ?
Agent: You can do that too
Agent: Or you can automate it like this
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Customer: there ar a lot of products. Can i intergrated with a csv ? 
Agent: Ho many approximatly?
Agent: How*
Agent: You can copy paste the CSV contents in the prompt
Customer: Ok. These will not affect the ai assistant right ?
Agent: It should not, how many rows do you have?
Agent: For large data we can do other integration type
Customer: dont know yet. Ok forget it for now. We will fix when we need it.
Agent: Sure 
Customer: Hi Stefan! Sometimes the AI cant recognize the words that im saying. 
Customer: What kind of gpt autocalls use ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Can you sen me a link to a call where this happened?
Customer: Do you hace access in my account? I have recoded the call.
Agent: Send it to me please
Customer: Hi! Do we have any updates?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Can you try disabling Voice activity detection on your assistant? 
Customer: i just turn this off. I ll let you know!
Agent: Sure
Customer: Check this! Ai don't work at all. 
Agent: Let me check it out
Agent: I found the issue
Agent: You had an unclosed }. I  have deleted it, please check and let me know
Customer: Better now but still closing the phone without finish the order. And again didnt detect the address that i sayed.
Agent: You need to adjust your prompt
Agent: I dont understand greek but on the last reply the agent responded empty and the call closed because you didnt say anything for 10 seconds
Agent: You can change the time allowed for silnce in the settings
Agent: And regarding to prompt you should adjust it a bit
Agent: After it collects the order what does it needs to do?
Agent: You can tell it in the rpompt to end the coneversation by saying goodbye and other things
Customer: Check this! I speak last in the phone call.
Customer: and the work Μετώ ως isn't a word. 
Agent: Yes, but you spoke at the end when he was ending it already
Agent: increase this
Agent: adjust your prompt a bit and try again
Customer: Much better! But what we can do with the wrong word detection? 
Agent: Depending on the usecase, we can use another transcription AI that has better accuracy
Agent: We can set that up on your white label platform
Agent: It will have around 100ms delay (its less likely to be noticeable to the user) but it will have higher precision 
Customer: And what do you suggest about LLM Temperature ?
Agent: You can set it up higher if you have a more creative flow like sales and lower for flows like order taking, confirmations and so on
Customer: ok! 
Customer: I can't make it work. I tried everythink. 
The Ai stop responding sometimes and never close the phone in the end of the order. Also we have the correct word issue. 
What type of gpt the autocall use ?
Agent: The accuracy will be solved, dont worry
Agent: You need to  prompt it with the end call tool aswell
Agent: Write in the rpompt and in the end call to use the end call tool to end the phone call after finishing taking the order. And say goodbye before or something like that
Agent: OpenAI at base fine tuned with our data
Customer: I write with a lot of diffrent ways.
Agent: I will look into it a bit later
Agent: It never ended the call for you?
Customer: only when i say many times ok bye  

-------------------

Conversation 431

Customer: Omar was born in
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: 😆 

-------------------

Conversation 429

Customer: hi
Customer: As i am Ai agent developer in learning phase..  And i want to learn autocalls scenarios...  how can i get free trial for at least 1 month
Agent: Hello! We do not have trials or free plans, only the free test call on our landing page

-------------------

Conversation 428

Customer: Hi
Customer: Can I use this tool for outgoing calls
Customer: Will this tool work in India
Agent: Hello! es, you can use it for outbound calls and in India as well

-------------------

Conversation 427

Customer: How do I see the end of call summary and hear the recording of each conversation my assistant has? 
Agent: Hello! You need to go to call history

-------------------

Conversation 426

Customer: Hi
Customer: Hi
Customer: Saying invalid number 
Agent: Hello! Can you try without autocomplete?

-------------------

Conversation 425

Customer: Can I use my own Twilio numbers? 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can use caller ID, but right now you cannot directly integrate a twilio account
Agent: Its managed by us without any extra cost, the same costs you will have with twilio will be the same with us

-------------------

Conversation 424

Customer: How it works?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 423

Customer: Hay
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 422

Customer: Can i use your platform as white label 
Agent: Hello! Yes, we have white label available

-------------------

Conversation 430

Customer: Hii
Customer: Hii
Customer: Aap kya karte ho 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 421

Customer: Urdo
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 419

Customer: Can you call me
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Can you call my number?

-------------------

Conversation 418

Customer: gs1929585@g.mailcom 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 417

Customer: Does it support Arabic language 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have Arabic available in our platform

-------------------

Conversation 414

Customer: Fala português 
Agent: Sim, a nossa IA fala português, como posso ajudá-lo?

-------------------

Conversation 411

Customer: Hola, 

Me interesa el servicio. 

Lo necesito para llamar y recibir llamadas en español 
Agent: Hola 
Customer: Hola
Customer: Adelante
Agent: Nuestra plataforma también puede manejar el idioma español
Customer: Si, eso veo 
Customer: No hay forma de probarla antes de comprar la membresia ? 
Agent: No tenemos pruebas ni cuenta gratuita, solo la llamada de prueba gratuita en nuestra página de inicio
Customer: Bien 
Customer: El sistema hay que conectarlo con algun proveedor para las llamadas ? 
Customer: y otra cosa, el Call ID lo puedo elegir ? 
Agent: Todo está integrado en nuestra plataforma, no necesitas otra plataforma. Puedes obtener números de teléfono directamente desde la plataforma
Customer: Bien 
Customer: Necesito que las personas vean el 829-867-0495 cuando el sistema le llame 
Customer: Se puede ? 
Agent: Sí, también puedes añadir tu propio número de teléfono como Caller_Id, pero solo funciona para la salida
Customer: Claro 
Customer: El sistema se configura para que valla llamando una lista de numeros ? 
Agent: Sí, puedes crear campañas y añadir clientes potenciales para llamar
Customer: Bien, gracias 
Agent: De nada

-------------------

Conversation 409

Customer: Hey. Can I chat on whatsapp?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: I am good. I am looking for a whitelabel solution 
Customer: Share the owner or senior manager's whatsapp contact
Agent: Give me your number and I will ping you there
Customer: +923005571221
Agent: I sent you a message there

-------------------

Conversation 406

Customer: ciao
Customer: possiamo parlare in italiano?
Customer: possiamo parlare in italiano?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: Come posso aiutarvi?

-------------------

Conversation 407

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 405

Customer: Invalid number showing 
Customer: Already number real
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 404

Customer: عاوز اعمل اوتو كول
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 403

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi Stefan 
Agent: Hi! How can I help you?
Customer: I have tried to get a call from my sons mobile to check the calling test, but I didn't get the call for more that 10 minutes, is that normal? 
Agent: can you send m your phone number?
Agent: me*
Customer: I got the verification number quick this time, but I didn't get the call yet
Customer: 966571716239
Agent: seems like you declined the call
Agent: could be possible that your carriers blocked our number since its very internsively used on our landing page
Agent: I can make try the call from another number, are you ready now?
Customer: Can try now
Customer: I restarted the device and now is excepting calls
Agent: coming now
Customer: Yes we got the call, but their was some interference and distortions 
Customer: Yesterday call was better. 
Agent: I manually did it and maybe that is why
Agent: Its a random assistant I had in my account
Customer: I see
Customer: Is it possible to have the test call in arabic? 
Agent: I cannot do that, you will have to activate a plan and configure your AI in arabic
Customer: OK I see

-------------------

Conversation 402

Customer: Bonjour sa était couper
Customer: Je voulais avoir une idée sur les frais minute 
Agent: En marque blanche, le coût par minute est de 0,09 $, que vous pouvez revendre à vos clients avec votre propre marge bénéficiaire. Les coûts des opérateurs sont automatiquement déduits du solde des minutes
Customer: C'est à dire le coût par minute contient les frais minute fixe et portable 
Customer: Avec de la voip
Agent: Un appel a des coûts d'IA (0,09/minute) et des coûts d'opérateur qui diffèrent en fonction de la région de l'appel.
Customer: Donc c'est en plus
Customer: Donc 1296 par jours 
Customer: Par mois
Customer: Pardon pour un agent 
Customer: Sans les communications 
Agent: Prenons un exemple, pour un appel d'une durée d'une minute vers les États-Unis :

1. 1 minute d'appel (0.09)

2. Coût de l'opérateur américain (0,01 $) converti en minutes d'appel (environ 0,05 minute d'appel ?)

Le total déduit du compte sera donc de 1,05 minute.
Customer: Pour un appel en France portable 
Agent: pour la france, le coût de l'opérateur est de 0,0157 $/minute
Agent: il sera automatiquement converti en minutes et déduit du compte
Agent: vous n'avez pas besoin de payer un supplément pour les autres plates-formes
Customer: Donc une minute avec L'IA pour la France coûte combien 
Agent: $0.09 + $0.01 = $0.10
Agent: Avec la marque blanche, vous pouvez revendre le produit au prix que vous voulez pour vos clients, par exemple 0,50 $, et vous gardez le bénéfice de 0,40 $ qui va directement à votre banque.
Customer: Donc 1056 pour un seul agent 
Customer: Par mois
Customer: Frais de minute comprise 
Customer: Si on compte 8h d'appel jours 
Customer: Pour 100.agent sa fait 105600 dollars 
Agent: Qu'est-ce que c'est ? 

1 véritable assistant effectuant des appels comme un être humain normal coûtera 960 $
Agent: Mais il est important que ces appels soient efficaces et continus, sans pause, sans autre temps mort, comme pour un véritable assistant.
Agent: Une véritable assistante ne fait que 4 heures d'appels effectifs, et non 8.
Customer: Je cherche à mettre des teleprospecteur en appel 
Agent: Bien sûr, vous êtes également intéressé par la revente de la plateforme en marque blanche ?

-------------------

Conversation 401

Customer: Bonjour 
Customer: Je veux avoir des info sur les prix 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: 0.09 dollars c'est avec les frais de minute 
Customer: Ou sans 
Customer: Dans la formule White 
Agent: Bonjour ! Parlez-vous anglais ?
Customer: Non
Agent: D'accord, nous parlerons en français alors
Customer: Peut on communiquer en français 
Customer: Pour la formule White 
Customer: Le prix de la minute en plus est de 0,09
Customer: C'est avec les frais minute 
Agent: Vous voulez parler du coût des opérateurs pour l'infrastructure de télécommunication téléphonique ?
Agent: En marque blanche, le coût par minute est de 0,09 $, que vous pouvez revendre à vos clients avec votre propre marge bénéficiaire. Les coûts des opérateurs sont automatiquement déduits du solde des minutes.

-------------------

Conversation 382

Customer: hello
Customer: I would like to use my own number as it's shown in the printscreen but apparently it is not possible. Any ideas ?!
Agent: Salutare!
Agent: Un moment
Agent: Poti incerca cu un numar de mobil?
Agent: Fixurile nu sunt acceptate, insa putem ajusta ulterior
Customer: salut, da. Incercam cu mobil. Te tin la curent
Agent: Sigur 
Customer: a functionat. Nu m-am descurcat cu UTC - ul.
Customer: salut, poti ajuta cu un setup al variabilelor ? M-ar ajuta niste resurse video sau pdf. Ms.
Agent: Salutare
Agent: Iti trimit mai jos cateva resurse
Agent: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>
Agent: <https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf>
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Customer: Multumesc.
Agent: Cu placere!

-------------------

Conversation 399

Customer: Hi
Customer: 923090005224 my WhatsApp 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 398

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: hi we are looking to remind teachers of some tasks through an auto call. do you guys support arabic ?
Agent: Yes, we have arabic available
Agent: And we have an internal no code platform similar to zapier and make that you can trigger that kind of automations
Customer: wow thats great
Customer: perfect ! do you guys provide trials even if its just for 3 min calls as we want to plug in the script and see how good it is 
Agent: We do not have free accounts or trials, only the test demo call on our landing page
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Agent: You can also preview arabic here
Customer: money back guarantee ?
Customer: problem is your not the first for us to try
Agent: We do not do refunds, thats why we have the free test call
Agent: You can start with the cheapest plan and upgrade later if you get the desired results

-------------------

Conversation 397

Customer: Demo
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: You can do a demo here: 
Agent: <https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction>

-------------------

Conversation 396

Customer: Hello
Customer: Are you ai
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: No, I am a real person

-------------------

Conversation 394

Customer: Hello need a call in Spanish tryout. 
Agent: Hello! To do a call in Spanish you will have to activate your account and configure your first AI in spanish

-------------------

Conversation 393

Customer: سالم
Customer: 🤔 
Customer: 🌏 
Customer: مرحبا 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 395

Customer: Bonjour je suis Dominiqk Mendy fondateur de Millennium Web Invest, j’aimerai savoir si vous proposez des solutions de partenariat des clients
Customer: Bonjour je suis Dominiqk Mendy fondateur de Millennium Web Invest, j’aimerai savoir si vous proposez des solutions de partenariat, j'ai des clients qui souhaitent que je leur fournisse une solution pour leur centre d'appel, je veux leur proposer votre solution mais en White label, je voudrais également savoir s'il serait possible de nouer un partenariat, je peux avoir les clients avec le besoin mais je veux une offre spéciale pour que je puisse la monétiser. 
Customer: Mon adresse mail est la suivante dominiqkmendy77@gmail.com. 
Customer: J'espère vous lire prochainement. 
Customer: Merci bien

-------------------

Conversation 392

Customer: الو
Customer: مرحبا
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 378

Customer: Can I have a french phone number for inbound calls?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: French numbers need to be custom provisioned 
Agent: It will require you to send us company documents to submit to carriers 
Customer: Ok
Customer: Thanks Stefan
Customer: Where are you based by the way?
Agent: We are from Romania opening an office in US too
Agent: How did you find Autocalls? It helps our marketing team
Customer: via Instagram
Customer: I appreciate a better quality than others
Customer: However, there is "mmmh" not very natural in almost each sentence
Agent: You can try switch the voice
Agent: Or turn off "Use filler audios"
Customer: I don't like the other voice :)
Agent: from the assistant settings
Customer: it's GPT based?
Agent: the LLM is based on open ai fine tuned by us
Agent: for voices we are partners with elevenlabs
Agent: they are the best in the world on voice quality
Customer: quite impressing
Customer: How can I maximize answers quality?
Customer: optimize*
Agent: you need to update your prompt
Agent: you can start with templates
Customer: wherE?
Customer: in "System Prompt" ?
Agent: yes
Customer: Is there somewhere I can give for exemple 50 scenarios?
Agent: you can copy paste the text there yes
Agent: the examples
Agent: but 5 different scenarios should be sufficient
Customer: ok
Customer: thx
Agent: welcome!
Customer: the system is able to book a slot to recall the customer rught?
Agent: you mean appointment booking?
Agent: yes, it can do that
Customer: sending an invite?
Agent: it can query for available slots and book appointments
Agent: and you can send the event confirmation with the no code tool
Agent: no code platform*
Agent: in sms, whastsapp or anything else
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/tools/cal-com
Agent: you can follow this guide
Customer: Is there a way to avoid "empty" moments?
Customer: I desactivated "use fillers?"
Agent: You need to activate it back for fastest responses 
Customer: it's fastest reponses?
Agent: Do you need to change the phrases?
Agent: That the fillers contain 
Customer: or it's justf illing?
Customer: the "uhhhm" is a bit repetitive
Agent: What language do you usev
Customer: French
Agent: "negative" => ["Hmm.", "Mhm.", "Hm.", "Mhm."],

 "question" => ["Hmm.", "Mhm.", "Hm.", "Mhm."],

"positive" => ["Super !", "Génial !", "Parfait !"],

"neutral" => ["Bien.", "D'accord.", "Je comprends.", "Noté.", "Je saisis."]
Agent: You can update these and give them back to me
Customer: If it helps you too
Customer: Let's ty with this
Customer: “negative” => [“Hmm.”, “Mhm.”, “Heum.”, “Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.”, “Ouais”],
“question” => [“Hmm.”, “Mhm.”, “Hm.”, “Voyons voir.”],
“positive” => [“Super !”, “Génial !”, “Parfait !”, “Nickel !”],
“neutral” => [“Bien bien.”, “D’accord.”, “Je comprends ! Merci”, “Noté.”, “J’ai saisi.”]
Agent: Great 
Agent: Will send to the team 
Customer: ok, thank you!
Customer: other problem, when you talk to the bot it stops talking suddenly
Agent: What do you mean? 
Agent: Give me a call link please 

-------------------

Conversation 391

Customer: How to try this service
Customer: how it will work on Incoming number which number I can attache
Agent: Hello
Agent: You can try it on our landing page for free
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#test-live>
Agent: It works on incoming calls too
Agent: You just need to get a dedicated number
Customer: dedicated number from where ?
Agent: from our platform
Customer: wht is cost for that
Agent: depends on the country
Agent: but $3.99/mo for usual numbers like US
Customer: I want for India 
Customer: i will use for India
Agent: we do not have for india, but you can use yours
Agent: only for outbound
Agent: with caller ID

-------------------

Conversation 390

Customer: Can this make appointments into our dental crm system?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We have +250 popular tools
Agent: yes, it can do it
Customer: How does that work? Connecting to our crm system?
Agent: What crm do you use?
Customer: Dental 4 windows 
Agent: Its not directly available
Agent: But it can be added with API
Agent: Also, you can use directly your calendar
Agent: You can integrate autocalls in your google calendar for example and bypass dental 4
Customer: We do not have access to dental 4 window API. That what the other ai business said to us. We do not use Google calendar
Customer: We want appointments function integrate into our crm system
Agent: what is your company name?
Customer: Dental smile
Agent: You will need an API or RPA system to automate that CRM
Agent: Or use calendars for appointments
Customer: Ok thx, I'll look into other options.
Agent: Welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 389

Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: hi
Customer: am asking about the iva chatbot
Agent: Yes, what do you need to know?
Customer: is it functioning like an agent with ai ?
Agent: yes, but for phone calls
Customer: i know your main service is call center using ai, but i also need a chatbot in whatsapp and messenger and other social media as well.
Agent: yes, you can implement
Agent: but only for sending messages
Agent: like notifications and confirmations
Agent: we have a chat widget to embed on the website coming soon
Customer: ok i see, i was looking for a service provider to have both systems for the call center and iva chatbot instead of making a deal with 2 separate service providers
Agent: You can do that in 1-2 weeks with us too
Customer: ok, thats fine
Customer: so can the call center function be integrated to our own crm?
Agent: Yes 
Agent: We have +250 popular tools 
Agent: And custom ones can be integrated too
Customer: good
Customer: am trying to test the systen but unfortunatly i didng get the verification number
Agent: Can you try again?
Agent: And if still not working give me your number 
Customer: i did try twice, one with a 0 in the beginning of the mobile number ond one without it
Customer: 00966544043799
Agent: Can you try without both 0s?
Customer: i didnt put the 0s on the front as its already fixed to saudi arabia
Customer: i only put 544043799
Agent: And it worked?
Customer: no, am still waiting for the sms
Agent: I will make a call to you
Customer: ok
Customer: now i receive it
Agent: What was the issue?
Customer: i dont know, something is not right
Customer: i think there is some communication issu
Customer: i got the call
Customer: it seems fine.
Agent: awesome
Customer: but one issu is that the spokesperson cannot change to arabic while i speak with him
Agent: no, you have to configure the assistant to use arabic
Customer: i asked him if he can commonicate with me in arabic
Agent: you can preview the language here
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Agent: the demo from the landing is in english only
Customer: but then if we make a lead campain to get leads, and some of the contact can be eather they speak in arabic or in english, how we can manage that?
Agent: we have a feature that will auto detect and switch the language mid call
Agent: but for now you must know where you are calling to and what language to use
Customer: thats great
Customer: when is that feature ne availble
Customer: be*
Agent: we hope by end of the year
Customer: so its in a couple of weeks!!!
Agent: exactly
Customer: we hope so, because it really helpful 
Customer: i will contact you some other time to follow up with you as we about to implement this services soon.
Agent: yes, we also have a voice widget coming soon
Agent: are you interested in white label aswell?
Customer: what is that?
Agent: you can resell the platform. You will have your own autocalls clone on your domain, logo, brand, prices and so on
Customer: yes for sure, white label will be great for us.
Agent: we can connect on whatsapp too
Customer: we will be doing business in a different way.
Agent: you can leave me your number and I will ping you there
Customer: we will implement a franchising system, and agents will get our platform will have to implement all gadgets and system and tools that we running in our platform
Agent: When do you plan to do that as a timeframe/
Agent: ?*
Customer: we will market our platform after launching in more than 60 countries, and each country is and agent for us and he have to use all our tools
Customer: we will start programing the platform within 10 days, but we will start a landing page and crm soon, even befor loanching the platrorm
Customer: 966544043799
Customer: you can commonicate with me by whatsapp as well
Agent: I just pinged you there

-------------------

Conversation 387

Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: i want to set meeting with you guys
Agent: Sure, what is it about?
Customer: about your software
Customer: and discuss what we want, or you guys offering that or not
Agent: you can schedule it here 
Agent: <https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction>
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 386

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: how are you dear
Agent: Good, how can I help you?
Customer: stefan whats the benefits of this autocalls in my ecommerce buisness
Customer: you have any app to integrate with my shopify store?
Customer: tell me more about your services
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/e-commerce
Agent: You can find more here
Agent: We have integration with shopify aswell
Customer: good ...then how can this app  grab my customer data?
Customer: can it make autocalls to my customers?
Agent: we have a no code platform similar to zapier and make which you can use
Agent: Yes
Customer: is this working on automation or not?
Agent: yes, its all automated
Customer: is this help me to generate leads for my ecommerce buisness
Customer: is this free on shopify ?
Agent: you can integrate shopify for free yes
Customer: whats its name in shopify app store?
Agent: You have to do it from our app
Customer: how?
Customer: ok thanks for guide me dear
Customer: if i help you ..can i contact you in future?
Agent: Sure

-------------------

Conversation 384

Customer: Hello 
Customer: Spanish Language ?
Agent: Hello
Agent: Yes we have Spanish available in the platform 
Customer: how can ia try it in spanich?
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Agent: You can preview the language here
Agent: To test a live conversation in Spanish you need to activate a plan and configure your assistant there in Spanish

-------------------

Conversation 379

Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Stefan my company want to partner with your company
Customer: But we together add to any language for our countries
Customer: Is it real?
Agent: You are interested in the white label?
Agent: Sure, we can add any language for white label partners
Customer: How much? And what about Uzbek language
Agent: yes, it can be added
Customer: we can with our team provide correct voices for training the model
Agent: our white label plan is $419/mo and you have 3500 minutes included monthly. So you are basically paying for minutes that you can use and also get your own platform like autocalls
Agent: on your domain, logo, brand, prices and all
Customer: we have many clients who are ready to buy from us, over the course of 5 years we have made many clients, since we are engaged in the integration of CRM systems, voice robots are very close topics
Agent: What is your company name?
Agent: we can even connect on whatsapp if its more convinient for you
Agent: You can leave me your phone number and I will ping you there
Customer: How can I check the Uzbek language?
Customer: Broject
Customer: broject.uz
Customer: +998900051000 my wp
Agent: It needs to be added first after you onboard the white label
Agent: It takes few hours for our team to add it
Customer: how can i be sure that everything works as it should? can you write me in whatsup please
Customer: +998900051000
Agent: I just pinged you there

-------------------

Conversation 377

Customer: No local time zone - Israel 
Agent: you can search by the value
Agent: its gmt+2
Customer: +

-------------------

Conversation 376

Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 374

Customer: Hello team how are you 
Agent: Hello! How can I help you?
Customer: Before purchasing any plan I want to test this autocall ai based call assistant can I get some free credits or minutes for testing this service 
Agent: We do not have any free plan or trials. But you can test the free test call on our landing page
Customer: No that's not enough 
Customer: If you won't give the trial than how people should test your call service 
Customer: On the landing page the only supported language is English but what if we want assistant in other languages 
Agent: You also have previews of voices here <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Customer: No 👎 give me some few minutes or trial for testing your service is newly in market so you should give the free trail to people's 
Agent: I cannot do that, sorry

-------------------

Conversation 373

Customer: Hi
Customer: No
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: How are you 
Agent: I am well, and you?
Customer: I'm good 
Customer: Thank you 
Customer: Where are you from 
Customer: Delay reply 
Agent: We are from Romania, opening an office in Us too
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: I need job
Customer: I'm sahib from Pakistan 
Agent: We don’t have any openings 
Customer: Ok
Customer: What is the importance of autocall. Ai

-------------------

Conversation 372

Customer: Hello
Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 371

Customer: hi 
Customer: im here 
Customer: can i have a trail or text?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We do not have free accounts or trials, only the free test call on our landing page
Customer: so it will supports hebrew ? if i pay now?
Agent: We can connect on whatsapp too if its more convinient for you, you can leave me your phone number and I will ping you there
Customer: 972-77-7137132
Agent: Yes, our team will add the language for you
Agent: But, only on the agency or white label plan
Customer: ok
Customer: no problem 
Agent: Because it requires white gloves onboarding
Customer: any manula instructions on how to coach the ai ?
Agent: For your white label platform we have a custom service for translating all the platform interface too
Agent: We have other white label partners for which we translated the whole interface, but it will be done only for you. As you can see in our platform we only have english available
Customer: maybe is it better  ill check first the  starter , to test the langige skiils?
Customer: Language ..
Agent: You can test it free on our landing
Agent: To add hebrew it will need you to activate white label for example if you want to take this opportunity and have your own platform which you can sell to customers
Agent: It will be on your domain, logo, colors, prices and billing panel to collect payments to your bank
Agent: I can share some resources with you
Agent: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>
Agent: <https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf>
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Agent: <https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4>
Customer: url?
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#test-live>
Agent: Right at the top
Customer: there is no hebrew option on demo 
Customer: how can i have the hebrew test ?\
Customer: can i inject Hebrew  docs ?
Agent: The demo is in english, yes. For Hebrew language it needs to be custom added by our team after you onboard our platform (takes few hours), but it will be the same as our other languages (like the one in the demo test)
Agent: Yes, you can inject Hebrew docs, prompts and everything once we add Hebrew
Customer: hk, how van i propceed
Agent: I have pinged you on whatsapp too
Customer: how can i proceed  
Agent: You can activate the plan and our team will start working on it. In the meantime if you go with the whitelabel we can start setting up your platform on your domain, logo, start the billing onboarding and get everything ready
Customer: Agency plan ? 
Agent: I would recommend the white label since it gives you lots more possibilities to grow your business. There is not too much difference in price as you get more incldued minutes in the white label.   
We launched white label last weeks and its planned to close next week or something because we have lots of requests and since we offer 1-1 dedicate support for each partner we do not want to lose on quality
Agent: It gives you the opportunity to tackle the voice AI industry (which is already in a lot of growth and its just starting) in your own market by providing your customers an exact same platform as Autocalls, but your users will not know anything about us
Customer: if ill test the starter plan, it will support Hebrew also?
Agent: It needs to be custom added by our team first, and we cannot provide this for the starter plan
Customer: but, i need to test the hebrew vocie fist 
Customer: pls try to help me with that 
Agent: One moment
Customer: Appreciate you efforts
Agent: Here is a sample of a voice in Hebrew
Customer: ok
Customer: can we talk a client , then sent him a whatsapp messge ?
Customer: is there also male voice ? 
Agent: Yes, you can automate whatsapp
Agent: We have a no code platform similar to zapier and make with +250 popular tools like hubspot, whatsapp, crms, sheets, forms
Agent: And lots more
Agent: There is male voice as well yes

-------------------

Conversation 370

Customer: hi, will you support Hebrew language ? 
i have few israeli clinys we would like to set ai sales agents for 
Agent: Hello
Agent: We can add Hebrew for you starting on agency and white label plann
Agent: Are you interested in white label as well?
Customer: yes 
Customer: indeed 
Agent: We can connect on whatsapp too if its more convinient for you
Customer: 972777137132
Agent: I have already pinged you there
Customer: +

-------------------

Conversation 361

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Am asking about your solution 
Customer: Can is it only for calls or it can be for messaging as well?
Agent: It can send messages on SMS/Whatsapp other platforms too
Agent: But its mainly for calls, the text messages are used for automations like confirmations
Customer: Is it inbound and outbound as well?
Agent: Yes, it can do both ways
Customer: We will need a system for making calls to get sales, and also to receive calls as a customer support 
Agent: Sure, our customers do both
Customer: How much it cost?
Agent: You are interested in the white label aswell?
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Agent: You can check our pricing here
Customer: Can we integrate it with crm
Agent: Yes, we have +250 tools available in our no-code platform. Its similar to zapier and make
Agent: From hubspot, GHL, forms and lots more
Customer: What about if our crm is not listed on your already integrated crms
Agent: It can be integrated with API
Agent: Directly from the nocode platform. What CRM do you use?

-------------------

Conversation 360

Customer: Oi, voce tem um whitelabel da plataforma, nao aoenas agencia ?
Customer: Olá
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: Yes, we have white label aswell
Agent: You can get your own platform like Autocalls with your brand, subdomain, billing to collect payments and all
Customer: Do you have a whitelabel program from the platform, to approach a different audience? 
Customer: Do you have a language in Portuguese? For setup as the main one? 
Agent: Yes, we have Portuguese available in our platform
Agent: We can also connect on whatsapp to keep closer if its more convinient for you
Agent: You can leave me your phone number and I will ping you there
Customer: What I seek is not to sell as an agency, but rather exactly as if I were your platform, but in a different market ... to empower a legia of people to sell and undertake as agents etc, but to the Brazilian public in the USA and Brazil. 
Customer: +14073500181
Agent: Yes, we offer exactly that. You will have your own platform like ours that you can resell
Agent: You can create your plans, set the profit and payments go directly to you
Customer: Perfect.. 
Customer: What parents are you in Stefan? 

-------------------

Conversation 359

Customer: اعملي فيديو يحاكي يوم القيامة
Customer: اعملي فيديو يحاكي يوم القيامة
Agent: hello
Agent: How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 358

Customer: Hlw
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 357

Customer: Is this for inbound or outbound callls
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: Yes, it works for both inbound and outbound calls

-------------------

Conversation 356

Customer: Hi there 
Customer: Is someone there
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Are you a bot or real human
Agent: I am a real assistant ;)
Customer: i need to setup an urgent meeting
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Agent: You can schedule here 
Customer: As im about to shift my company buisness with you guys, i need some clarification before
Agent: You want to go with the white label?
Customer: Yes
Customer: but there are some things
Customer: please help me out with those alright 
Customer: where are you guys based
Agent: What things?
Agent: You can leave me your questions here and I will try to address them until our call 
Agent: We are from Romania, opening an office in US too
Customer: Can we push the meeting please?
Customer: i mean is someone available to assist me right now
Customer: so i’ll just move forward with the campaign 
Agent: Leave me your WhatsApp number and I will ping you there if I have a window available more earlier 
Customer: +923203216112
Customer: Yes im sorry for the rush, but I partnered up with another agency like yours, their system has consistently been showing bugs, errors and flagging my script and im so tired of it
Agent: Is it call fluent or closerx?
Customer: Closerx
Customer: Yes
Agent: We have lots of customers coming from them ;)
Customer: Are u also associated with one of these
Agent: No, our system is proprietary
Customer: because their system is im sorry to say but its not for professional 
Agent: Let’s continue on whatsapp

-------------------

Conversation 355

Customer: Hello
Customer: Demo Video Send please 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf
Agent: https://youtu.be/zTyH4wnPyIo?si=3DutL_vbYLOHpCPg
Agent: https://youtu.be/YhHC72qV_Z4
Agent: You can check these 
Customer: Hindi Language Available Video
Agent: We have Hindi language available in platform 
Agent: Videos are in English 
Customer: Okay 

-------------------

Conversation 354

Customer: Hi, good afternoon 

-------------------

Conversation 353

Customer: Subaccount
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Affilatr program
Agent: We only have white label platform for partnerships 

-------------------

Conversation 352

Customer: how much is your pricing per month in Canadian dollars
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: You can check our pricing here
Customer: how much is your pricing per month in Canadian dollars
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Agent: What plan are you interested in?
Customer: Starer plan
Customer: starter plan
Agent: In canadian dollars its 47,79

-------------------

Conversation 351

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi Stefan. Do you have White Label platform?
Agent: Yes, we do have white label
Agent: We have opened it previous week and will close it soon
Agent: It allows you to have your own autocalls platform on your domain, brand and billing account to collect payments from your users
Customer: please share more info or schedule a demo
Agent: You can schedule a call with me here
Agent: <https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction>
Agent: We can also connect on whatsapp
Customer: ok give me 30 mns I will do so 
Agent: You can leave me your phone number and I will ping you there
Customer: pleae share you app number
Customer: +263789898633
Agent: I just pinged you there now
Customer: ok once am done eating will call
Agent: Sure, let me know on whatsapp
Customer: cool
Agent: I think the schedule its pretty full on the link above
Agent: But let me know there first

-------------------

Conversation 339

Customer: hi, how can I send webhook after outbound call is finished?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can either use our internal no code platform which is similar to zapier and make and its free
Customer: and another question does Autocalls support Polish Language so the Caller Voice will be native Polish.
Agent: Or you can set your own custom endpoint and the AI will send all data there
Customer: yes, but finally I want to synchronise data (after call) with external CRM
Agent: But no code platform is easier
Agent: Yes, we already have +250 popular tools in the no code like hubspot and others
Agent: Yes, we have polish available
Customer: great. so after call is finished I can redirect it to any API I want?
Agent: Exactly!
Agent: Or like this
Customer: thank you very much, I'm buing Starter Plan! :) 
Agent: Awesome! Let me know if you need any other info
Agent: I ll be here!
Customer: What time do you finish work in case we will have additional questions? 
Customer: can I use polish number as well? 
Agent: We are mostly available anytime (as its weekend today and Im here aswell)
Agent: We can connect on whatsapp if you want and we can keep closer there
Customer: there is no Polish. so you propose to connect whatsapp, yes?
Agent: Let me check for polish numbers
Agent: On whatsapp I was referring to connect me and you there to chat about your flows
Customer: there is no Polish Number there while configuration 🤔 
Agent: You can leave me your phone number and I will ping you there
Agent: One moment
Customer: so how can I switch to Polish?
Agent: I am activating it now for you
Customer: thanks!
Agent: Its just added and its not publicly available
Customer: and can I buy new phone number so it will be visible as Polish so with prefix "+48" ? 
Agent: please check now
Agent: for polish language
Customer: Now I can select Polish, but can I choose Polish Phone Number? :) 
Agent: I just checked for polish number now and its not available for instant provisioning from our carriers
Agent: There are multiple ways we can go about it
Agent: First, please tell me if you are interested in white label aswell?
Customer: let's imagine I want show it for my clients. It would be good it will call from Polish Number.
Is it possible?
Agent: Its possible, but it requires to do some integrations that vary if you need the white label or not (meaning to have your own Autocalls platform branded with your domain, logo and all + billing platform to collect payments from your customers
Customer: okay, so I can do it later, yes?
Agent: Totally, I will describe here the ways:
Customer: right know Phone Caller Number is +49. 
I need instruction how to do it with +48 (Poland) Prefix
Agent: This message was deleted
Agent: **For white label:**

1. We can do a custom integration on your platform where we implement another carrier partner (that has polish numbers for $3.99). It will require to confirm your company documents first on your main account (carrier requirements) and then your customers from your whitelabel platform can get Polish numbers in an instant (like you can do now with US numbers on our platform). This has a one time fee of $500 to implement it in your platform 

**Only for your company, available from Agency plan:**

1. caller ID integration, only for Outbound. If you already have a Polish it will require to verify with OTP and the AI can make calls to customers using your validated number. When the customer calls back your number, it will go to your phone instead of AI (you can optionally setup your number to forward incoming calls to the AI number that can be an US one for example because the customer will not know that is forwarded)

2. SIP integration. If you have a VOIP/PBX number from a calling platform solution, those numbers can be itnegrated with SIP protocol in the platform (for both inbound and outbound calls)
Agent: I formatted it better
Customer: so if i want to have Polish Number, but not the white label, there is not possibility to do that?

only white label is the solution?
Agent: It is, with the agency plan there are 2 ways
Agent: 1. caller ID integration, only for Outbound. If you already have a Polish it will require to verify with OTP and the AI can make calls to customers using your validated number. When the customer calls back your number, it will go to your phone instead of AI (you can optionally setup your number to forward incoming calls to the AI number that can be an US one for example because the customer will not know that is forwarded)

2. SIP integration. If you have a VOIP/PBX number from a calling platform solution, those numbers can be itnegrated with SIP protocol in the platform (for both inbound and outbound calls)
Agent: Actually, 3 ways
Agent: 3. We can custom request to the carrier to provision a polish number. The delivery is around 3 days
Agent: So it will be a new number, inbound and outbound, the cost will be $3.99 but its only available on the agency plan and it needs 2-3 days to process. And we also we need company registration document to submit
Agent: All these 3 options are free of any extra charge. We handle all the process for either of them but it requires to have a higher plan (not white label, but the agency one)
Agent: This is the most straight forward one. How many numbers do you need?
Customer: Autocalls is so great! 🔥
We will need it for one number for now. 

Please confirm I'm understood it well in terms of: """We can custom request to the carrier to provision a polish number. The delivery is around 3 days"""

1. We are order number
2. We are waiting 3 days
3. We receive new Polish Number that is officially registered. 
4. We can use this Number, so it is visible as "Caller Number"?

Please confirm it's true
Agent: Glad you like it!   
Yes, its true. But it will require you to upgrade to the agency plan as that has the white gloves onboarding which allows us to do all these processes. They will be handled by us entirely for you
Customer: So there are to way:
1) agency Plan - and we pay Subscription
2) white label configuration - we pay Onetime
Customer: I meant two way*
Agent: Yes: 

1. Agency plan: You will pay subscription on the plan and each phone number we provision. The provisioning must always be done by us and it takes few days to process 

2. White label: You will pay subscription on the plan and the custom integration fee (one time, $500) and this will allow for this process of provisioning the polish numbers to be automated for you and your platform users. From the point that the integration is done, you and your users can get polish numbers in an instant and pay (you or your customers) per each number you get (at the same rate, $3.99)
Agent: Let me know if its clearer now, if you are going to use the platform for yourself, then the first variant is the most cost effective. If you want to white label it, it will be a great opportunity for polish market because you will have a great competitive advantage because you will be the only one that can offer your customers a platform with instant polish numbers 
Customer: So I guess it's 1) option. Please confirm and I will know everything :) Just making sure.

so I 1)
 can create one "white label" agency let's call them "sails.tech".

Then numbers provisioned for my clients (let's call them ClientPoland1, ClientPoland2...10) can be provisined under my "sailes.tech" agency? 

So I pay one-time White Label (500USD) costs, and then can provision new numbers with 4USD/number

Or 2)
each Client (ClientPoland1...10) needs to provision by themselves?
Agent: So agency plan and white label plan are different.    
1. Agency plan is an account directly on our platform (like you have now) where you can create assistants and flows but you cannot offer your customers any dashboard or access. It will be only your account that has access to all of them. And here we can custom provision numbers for you without any extra costs but it needs to process with days in advance because of the process.   
   
2. The white label plan allows you to have your own platform where you can onboard your clients, and they will have their own access where they can individually see/manage their account like you do now on our platform. But it will be on your branded platform and you can add price markups to make profits and payments will go directly to you.   
    
The extra fee for white label ($500) represents the automation that we can implement on your platform so your customers (and you main account aswell) can get their own polish numbers in an instant, and only pay $4 per each number they get. Similar with what you can do on our platform for US numbers
Agent: Thats why it depends on your end goal. Because if you want to resell it to clients its best to go with the white label option so your customers can get their own polish numbers immediately from your platform. If you want to manage everything from your account only, then the agency plan is more cost effective
Agent: Hello! I hope you are well. Just wanted to know if everything is more clear now. Also, which option have you decided to go with and when?
Customer: Hi, at first very thank you for such a detailed answers on Saturday, really! 

It's rare to have such a accurate Support. 

Are you and CEO of Autocalls? 

About your last questions: we have meeting with clients tomorrow and we will tell him what options do we have and then for sure I will come back to you to continue about onboarding 
Agent: Awesome! I am the CTO of Autocalls. If it easier for you we can connect on whatsapp too
Agent: You can leave me your phone number andd nad I will ping you there
Agent: and*
Customer: great, my number is +48692643349
Agent: Great! I pinged you there

-------------------

Conversation 350

Customer: أهلآ 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Please add Arabic language for calls 
Agent: We have Arabic available in the platform 
Customer: OK
Customer: Please call this number in Arabic 01010793073 
Agent: The demo call is only in English 
Agent: To do a demo in Arabic you have to sign up in the platform 
Agent: And setup your AI

-------------------

Conversation 306

Customer: hi
Customer: ich möchte meine nummer implementieren, was benötigst du von mir?
Agent: hi
Agent: Sie müssen uns die SIP-Verbindungsdaten Ihrer VoIP-Verbindung senden (Durchwahl, Passwort, Adresse)
Customer: ?? testcalls costs?
Agent: Yes, the AI consumes resources to make the call, its like a normal call
Agent: I have forwarded the SIP details to the team and will get back
Customer: hast du vorlagen auf deutsch für das wissen der KI?
Agent: Sie können sie in jeder Sprache schreiben, auch in Englisch. Die KI wird in der von Ihnen eingestellten Sprache sprechen, nicht in der Sprache, in der die Eingabeaufforderung verfasst ist
Customer: ich hatte ja vorhin gefragt on ich 3 punkte einführen kann, wenn ich mir eure vorlagen anschaue, kann ich nur eine vorlage nutzen...
Customer: wie soll ich der KI 3 bereiche zeigen, wenn es nur eine vorlage gibt?
Agent: In der gleichen Eingabeaufforderung können Sie alle Themen aufzählen und auf einmal beschreiben
Customer: okay, ich versuche es
Agent: wie: Sie können Folgendes tun:

1. Bestellungen... Fluss beschreiben

2. unterstützen.. den Ablauf beschreiben

...
Customer: mein test war negativ... nach 1:30 wurde der Test abgebrochen, die KI hat nicht mehr geantwortet und ist tod gewesen.
Customer: 2. fall, ich wollte erneut anrufen: jetzt ruft die KI nicht mehr an
Customer: was ist da los?
Customer: zusätzlich rechnet das system falsch ab! 1:30 telefoniert und 5min abgezogen.
Customer: bitte eine information zu den themen und problemen
Agent: für eingehende Anrufe müssen Sie einen neuen Assistenten erstellen und ihm eine eigene Nummer zuweisen
Customer: es war outbound und habe mich selber angerufen
Customer: um zu testen, aber jetzt hat die KI schon 3x nicht mehr geantwortet
Customer: 3x anrufe, 3x shit
Agent: Ich überprüfe jetzt
Customer: danke
Agent: können Sie jetzt einen Anruf versuchen?
Customer: ja
Customer: doenst work
Agent: Was funktioniert nicht?
Customer: der anruf
Customer: ich werde nicht angerufen
Agent: weil Sie den Assistenten inbound gemacht haben
Customer: ah okay
Customer: 1:24 bricht ab und erkennt die antwort nicht und reagiert nicht
Customer: und abgerechnet 5min
Customer: und ich bekomme kein transcript und keine email
Customer: oder ist es nur dann wenn es ein richtiger call ist?
Agent: Lassen Sie mich noch einmal in Ihrem Konto nachsehen
Agent: die E-Mail-Automatisierung muss über die No-Code-Plattform erfolgen
Customer: okay, dann später, erstmal müssen wir die probleme lösen, abrechnung und funktion KI
Customer: hast du dafür eine anleitung?
Customer: ich muss jetzt nachhause, bitte checke es bis morgen früh, ich muss weiter kommen mit der KI Calls, danke
Customer: kriegt ihr das hin oder muss ich mir jemand anders suchen?
Customer: ich muss heute fertig werden!
Agent: Können Sie es noch einmal versuchen? Das Team untersucht noch die Ursache
Agent: Es gab noch ein anderes Problem mit Ihrem Konto, das ich jetzt behoben habe. Bitte rufen Sie mich jetzt an und teilen Sie mir mit, was passiert ist.
Customer: okay
Customer: es gab kein abbruch, also besser! ich habe 7:30min telefoniert, warum werden 22 min abgezogen?
Agent: Deshalb sind darin auch die Kosten für das Transportunternehmen enthalten. Es hängt von der geografischen Lage des Anrufs ab 
Customer: hähhh, du sagst 0,20€ die minute, sekundengenau abgerechnet, inklusive in meinen Vertrag 120 min. wenn ich telefoniere kostet es mich also 3x?
Customer: ich bin deutschland und es sind inbound anrufe
Customer: wenn es so ist, beende ich den vertrag!
Agent: Sie haben ausgehende Anrufe getätigt, keine eingehenden. Und seine von US-Nummer so natürlich der Preis ist sehr hoch für Träger Kosten. Die AI Preis ist wie wir früher gesagt und in Rechnung gestellt, um zweite. Träger sind Telekommunikations-Telefon-Infrastruktur Kosten
Customer: wie lange dauert es bis meine leitung da ist? welche kosten habe ich dann?
Customer: und ich habe vorher gefragt, wo der server ist, du hast gesagt da wo der kunde sitzt, europa!?
Agent: Ja, es ist in Europa für Deutschland gespeichert. Ich werde jetzt den Status Ihrer SIP-Integration überprüfen
Agent: Ihre Nummer wurde hinzugefügt. Bitte prüfen Sie, ob sie funktioniert, und versuchen Sie einen ausgehenden Anruf.
Customer: no, usa number
Agent: :)
Agent: Select it in your assistant settings and test it
Customer: no
Agent: we implemented what you sent here
Customer: geht trotzdem nicht, ihr müsst doch wissen wie das geht
Customer: es muss ja von euch eingespeist werden und sobald sip erkennt, müsste es auf online stehen, frag deinen techniker
Customer: kein antwort?
Agent: Hallo! Ich habe mich beim Team erkundigt und ich verstehe nicht, was Sie auf dem Bildschirm anzeigen. Bitte stellen Sie uns die vollständigen SIP-Verbindungsdetails zur Verfügung
Agent: Welche Durchwahlen möchten Sie anrufen und wie muss die Nummer, die Sie anrufen, aussehen? (international + E.164, national)
Customer: ich möchte erstmal den Preis klären! Was kostet mich 1 minute zu telefonieren? du sagst auf deiner webseite 0,20€/min
Customer: ich zahle aktuell 0,60€/min bei dir, das ist viel zu teuer!
Agent: Die Preise werden niedriger, wenn Sie eine höhere Stufe erreichen. Jede Stufe hat Minuten enthalten, so dass Sie im Grunde für mehr Minuten im Voraus bezahlen, die bis zu $ 0,09/Minute mit der Agentur Plan bekommen kann
Customer: okay, dann kündige ich. bitte daten löschen und restguthaben zurück überweisen!
Agent: Sie können das Abonnement über Ihr Konto kündigen. Das verbleibende Guthaben kann nicht zurücküberwiesen werden. Was ist falsch und unzufrieden mit dem Produkt?
Customer: viel zu teuer.
Customer: its a lie 
Agent: Bitte beachten Sie, dass es sich dabei um zusätzliche Credits handelt. Die in Ihrem Plan enthaltenen Guthaben betragen 34 $/120 = 0,283 $/Minute. Seine, Mathe nicht eine Lüge. Die überschüssigen sind in der Tat $0,2, wie Sie in der Seite Credits hinzufügen sehen können
Customer: du schreibst in deinem angebot 120min inklusive! Lie!
Customer: und die technik mit der telefonnummer (sip) funktioniert auch nicht
Customer: entweder wir kriegen es jetzt hin und du machst die technik für meine telefonnummer fertig oder ich muss gehen
Customer: ich möchte heute eine löung!

-------------------

Conversation 346

Customer: hello 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 347

Customer: Bonjour 
Customer: Les prix
Customer: Price
Agent: Hello!
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Agent: You can check it here 

-------------------

Conversation 344

Customer: Saludos 
Customer: Tengo algunas preguntas en español sobre el servicio 
Agent: ¡Hola! Claro, ¿en qué puedo ayudarle?

-------------------

Conversation 342

Customer: Hola
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 341

Customer: Demo please
Customer: 9939800780

-------------------

Conversation 340

Customer: Can people level their contact details and then be send to whatsapp?
Customer: Can people level their contact details and then be send to whatsapp?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Let me see if I understood correctly. You want the AI to collect details from the customer (by phone call) and after the call send the summary and collected details to a whatsapp number?
Customer: Yes that a whatsapp bot can take over with sales confirmation and tracking?
Agent: Yes
Agent: But our AI cannot talk by voice through whatsapp
Agent: It can only do it over normal phone numbers and for whatsapp it can only send messages
Agent: and you can automate all of this
Customer: That's fine, I only need it to extract certain info and message it
Customer: How do I automate it
Agent: Yes, sure. You can do it with Autocalls!
Agent: I can help you guide through setting up the agent
Customer: Awesome so can I try it for free before buying?
Agent: Unfortunately we do not have free plans or trials, only the free test call from our landing page
Customer: Ok I will try that
Agent: Sure, let me know how it goes

-------------------

Conversation 338

Customer: hello
Customer: Do you have Whitelabel Program?
Customer: I need details of your per month charges
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have whitelabel plan. Its $419/mo and it also includes 3500 minutes that you can use
Agent: So you are basically paying for minutes while also getting the platform to offer to your customers (with your domain, logo, colors billing platform and everything)

-------------------

Conversation 334

Customer: hello
Customer: can we have free trail
Agent: hello!
Agent: We do not have free plans or trials. Only the free test call on our landing page
Customer: its not working
Agent: The demo call?
Customer: yes
Agent: Can you give me your phone number?
Customer: 712318077
Agent: with prefix please
Customer: +94
Customer: ?
Agent: Your area was disabled
Customer: ops
Customer: cant you enable
Agent: Can you try now?
Customer: now its working
Customer: do you have api
Customer: or white label?
Customer: i have try diffrent number but its same
Customer: not working
Customer: ?
Agent: We have white label, yes
Agent: And API
Customer: i have try diffrent number same number agin
Customer: but not woking
Agent: And we also have a no code platform where you can do all autoamtions instead of using api
Agent: You can connect +250 tools like hubspot, sheets, calendars and more
Customer: what shoutl be the price
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Agent: Here is our pricing, for white label is $419 and you also get 3500 included minutes which you can use
Agent: So you are basically paying for minutes and you also get the whitelabel platform
Customer: for 34$ is not white lable
Agent: No, white label is only for the $419 plan
Customer: 1 assistant
1 outbound campaign
Customer: what you mean by this
Customer: you mean this one company right?
Agent: Yes, that is the cheapest plan and has only one account, one assistant and outbound campaign
Agent: With white label you get unlimited users on your platform and assistants on their accounts
Agent: You can limit it further for your users if you want
Customer: do you have sinhala voice
Customer: mean the launage
Agent: We can add it yes, on higher plans
Customer: you mean pro plan
Agent: Yes
Customer: can intreage with our mobile number?
Agent: You can do it with caller id 
Agent: But only for outboundn
Customer: means
Agent: you will have to verify your number with otp and then the ai can call with that number 
Agent: You can also get numbers from our platform 
Customer: clients using their own numbers
Customer: that cant be chnaged
Agent: They can integrate their number yes, with caller id 
Customer: can you provide me demo account?
Customer: we want check first all functions
Agent: We don’t have free or trial accounts 
Agent: You can start with the cheapest plan and upgrade later 
Customer: HELLO
Customer: WE NEED TO GET https://www.twilio.com/  ACCOUNT?
Customer: ?
Agent: Hello
Agent: No, it is already integrated in the platform 
Agent: You don’t need accounts on any other platforms 
Customer: need to how the local number means the provided number will linked
Customer: with twillo right?
Customer: ?
Agent: Twilio is taken care by us so you don’t need to create an account there 
Agent: We take care of all the process of twilio behind without any extra cost 
Agent: If you paid $50 on twilio it will be the same on our platform with carrier charges 
Customer: yes but i need answer for this  if the local number for client how that will be linked
Agent: They can get local numbers directly from the platform 
Agent: If it requires company documents we take of the validation process for you
Agent: And for your whitelabel clients you only have to do this once and your customers will have instant access to numbers from that region 
Customer: if some cutermer has alreday number in local can that be used or need to purchased?
Agent: We do not have twilio migration, and you have no reason to do that 
Agent: Since is the same costs by easier to have everything in the platform 
Agent: No need to manage twilio account too
Customer: no no i mean if my client have local number and that can be linked here?
Agent: We have a twilio integration feature on the roadmap so it will be possible yes 
Customer: right now, we have to take local number from you?
Agent: Yes. It’s still from twilio but through us, without any markup cost over prices that you get directly in twilio 
Customer: how to get local number from you
Customer: any number we can create
Customer: or there are numbers?
Agent: Every number is dedicated for 1 user 
Agent: You choose from a list like on twilio 
Agent: Then it’s only yours 

-------------------

Conversation 337

Customer: Called me 

-------------------

Conversation 336

Customer: do you offer trial
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan from Autocalls
Agent: We do not have trials or free accounts, only the free test call on our landing page
Agent: Are you interested in whitelabel aswell?
Customer: I'm french, I tested many Ai voice tools and all of them the french language do not work properly.

I would like to test my prompt before to pay.
Agent: Have you checked our samples from our page?
Agent: in french
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available>
Customer: yes, it's not enough. They all have simple but then when you test a reel conversation it suck
Agent: Can you give me your phone number?
Customer: I'm using https://callfluent.com/  for now it's the best I found but still react weird in french.
Customer: Does your agent know the current time and date if we ask ?
Agent: Yes, but you have to set to correct timezone
Agent: Give me your phone number and I can spin up and assistant I have arround
Agent: In french
Agent: an*
Customer: ok, 1-514-907-3234
Agent: You should receive the call, just note that is a random flow I have here. Its just so you can test the voice quality
Customer: yes got it
Customer: ok, the voice is not bad, but it says where are january 24 and we are monday.

So for the time and date it's not good.

It's an important feature for me because one of my client is a plumber.  And one question he got always is What is your rate ?

The answer is different if your call in the day time, evening or night.  And different rate for week and weekend.
Customer: so it's hard to train the agent on those different answer of it doesn't know the current time and date,
Agent: It knows the date too but wasn’t configured
Agent: Let me know your time zone and I will update it
Customer: I might test it on the starter plan and see if it's good and then upgrade.
Agent: Sure 
Agent: I’m here to help you set it up 
Agent: You are interested in whitelabel as well?

-------------------

Conversation 335

Customer: Price 
Customer: Price 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Agent: You can check it here

-------------------

Conversation 333

Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 272

Customer: hola para agendar una cita, para ver lo que incluyen
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can schedule an appointment using this link 
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: puede conectar a goHighlevel?
Agent: ¡Hello! Sí, GHL se puede integrar. Usted puede programar una llamada con nosotros aquí, pero será en Inglés. Si quieres continuar en español tendrá que ser a través del chat
Agent: <https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction>
Customer: buenos dias, ya es la segunda reunion que solicito en tu chat, y nadie me ha atendido
Customer: como puedo hacer para poder comunicarme con ustedes
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can schedule a call using this link:
Agent: Puede concertar una llamada a través de este enlace:
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Agent: Pero sólo podemos hacerlo en inglés. Para español, podemos conectar en whatsapp y mantener el contacto allí a través de textos
Customer: ya hice 2 reservaciones y en niguna se conectan, ahortia tenia a las 10 am, pero nadie se conecto
Agent: Puedes dejarme aquí tu número de teléfono y te enviaré un mensaje por Whatsapp.
Customer: tenia el lunes pasado tambien programada la llamada y tampoco nadie se conecto
Customer: 3331151116

-------------------

Conversation 332

Customer: I AM INTERESTED BUT NOT GETTING ANY CALL OR DEMO LINK
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Can you send me your phone number?
Agent: The calling area is limited on the test demo
Customer: +923204164932
Customer: YOUR AI  CAN LINK MY CALLING NUMBERS ??
Customer: ??

-------------------

Conversation 315

Customer: Hi i try to purchase the starter plan but it seems my bank has an issue. Is there any other payment method ?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Does google pay, link work for you?
Customer: i have apple pay
Agent: One moment please
Customer: of course
Agent: I dont think apple pay can be activated, can you use google pay?
Customer: No! I ll speak with my bank and try again tommorow
Agent: Please check with them, maybe it is not allowed for online payments or it has a limit. If still not working tomorrow, we can try payment by bank transfer or similar
Agent: But it will be best if card works since its the fastest
Customer: Yes i agree! 
Agent: I see the payment logs and it says that the bank declined. So first checking with them will be best if possible
Customer: Ok! Then we will see tomorrow. Thanks for the help. 
Agent: Sure, you are welcome! Talk tomorrow
Customer: 🤜 🤛 
Agent: 🤝
Agent: Hello! How are you? Did you succeed with your bank or do you need another payment methods?
Customer: Hello Stefan i am waiting to call them. Can i ask you some questions ?
Agent: Yes, sure
Agent: We can even connect on whatsapp to keep closer there
Agent: You can leave me your number here and I will ping you there now
Customer: Thats Great!
Customer: +306949726892
Agent: Done!

-------------------

Conversation 327

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 328

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 329

Customer: Do I need to purchase seperate credits for phone call
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Costs for carriers (telephony network) are deducted automatically from your call minutes available. You do not have to get them extra
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/costs
Agent: More info here

-------------------

Conversation 326

Customer: Hello
Customer: هل تتحدث العربية
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 325

Customer: We spoke at the end of the day, and I mentioned that I am interested in your white-label solution. I am in France, and here is my WhatsApp number: +33785114597.
Customer: I have chat with Mr Stefan Petrea
Agent: Yes
Agent: I will ping you now

-------------------

Conversation 323

Customer: bonjour
Customer: avez vous des numéros francais ?
Agent: Hello! 
Customer: hello
Customer: do you have some french number ?
Agent: We can provision yes 
Customer: sure because i am interesting, but like i know that on Twillio, we canot to have
Agent: It can be requested
Agent: Let me check again 
Customer: ok thank you
Customer: ok i will contact you again tomorow, because i have many question, i am interresting by For the Agency Whitelabel plan, if you can to have some french number
Agent: Hello! I just checked and for Twilio there are no French numbers, but we work with other providers aswell and it can be integrated. It will be a custom service (one time fee of $500) to do an implementation where your whitelabel customers can get french numbers directly from your platfrom in an instant. Its a great opportunity for you in the french market since you will be the first to have this kind of service that allows your customers to use AI voice on french local numbers directly from the platform
Agent: We can also connect on whatsapp if you would like and discuss further. You can send me here your number and I will ping you there

-------------------

Conversation 298

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello!
Customer: If I subscribe to the Agency whitelabel
plan, can I provide an Arabic interface for my clients?
Agent: We can create translations but it will be a custom service since is done for you only 
Agent: It will be 1900€, we have done it for other languages as well 
Agent: But they are only on those platforms, on ours is only English 
Agent: We have to manually translate every word to Arabic, this is why 
Customer: Is there a discount on this amount and do I pay it once?
Customer: Can I create plans for my clients and when they use the service additionally, will they be charged for each minute?
Agent: Yes, they can be charged for extra minutes as well 
Agent: And you can set it up in the plans settings 
Agent: It’s a one time payment for the language translation 
Customer: I want to try the Arabic voice. How can I do that to make sure of the correct accent and pronunciation?
Agent: Hmm
Agent: I can send you some samples of voices in the platform 
Customer: in arabic
Agent: Yes
Agent: One moment 
Agent: These are few samples
Customer: Where are the samples?
Agent: In arabic
Agent: You dont see them?
Agent: Sent them again here
Customer: ok
Agent: Can you view them now?
Customer: Hi
Customer: Hi
Agent: You heard the samples?
Customer: yes
Customer: What numbers can I rent?
Customer: Which countries' numbers?
Agent: Almost all countries 
Agent: Some are available directly in the platform to get 
Agent: And some require documents validation before provisioning 
Agent: It depends on carriers regulation in that country 
Customer: If the call is received on the number, the cost will be on the customer or the caller.
Customer: For example, is there Iraq? Or the Emirates?
Agent: It will be a normal call for caller 
Agent: There are also toll free numbers 
Customer: Meaning it is not free for the caller? The caller will be charged as for regular calls and the customer as a subscriber to the platform.
Customer: ؟
Agent: Yes 
Agent: Caller will pay if it calls from a different region 
Agent: Than number 
Agent: It depends on their sim carrier plan 
Agent: It’s late here and I will have to go 
Agent: Talk to you tomorrow! 🙏
Customer: Thanks for your time and answer.
Agent: Thank you too!
Customer: Hello, I tried the platform as a test account.
Customer: I have a problem with two things
Iraqi phone number and some countries in the Arab world. How can this problem be solved?
Customer: Another thing
is when I link my domain, will some links be changed, for example
https://docs.autocalls.ai/introduction
Will it become our domain
Agent: Hello
Agent: You will have your own domain, yes. But for docs and anything besides the main app it will not be change
Agent: No one requested that before, but I can check with the team what we can o
Agent: do*
Customer: Can I at least hide it from the panel? I am creating documents on the landing page.
Agent: of course!
Agent: other countries in Arab can be available, let me know which ones
Agent: Iraq is not availabe on both our partners. There are 2 solutions:
Agent: 1. Have only outbound with caller ID, customers will have to verify with OTP their own phone number and the AI will make the call to the end customer using their number from Iraq
Agent: 2. Find a VOIP/pbx platform that has Iraq numbers which we can integrate for you. The development effort will be estimated and done for you. But we need some platforms from your area to start from
Customer: This is a good suggestion.
Customer: Arabic language does it support RTL
Agent: We can translate the platform for your whitelabel
Agent: Its a custom service that can be done if needed
Customer: I know that and we talked about it, but what I mean is the direction of the text because in Arabic it is from right to left, unlike English.
Agent: Yes, it can be included too
Agent: To switch the layout
Agent: What do you think? We can also connect on Whatsapp and keep closer there
Agent: You can send me your phone number and I will ping you there
Customer: +9647752443491
Agent: Great, I pinged you there!

-------------------

Conversation 322

Customer: Didnt get any call 
Customer: Filled the demo call
Customer: But no call received yet
Agent: What phone number you used?
Customer: 0331277199
Customer: Confirmation msg was also received and verified
Agent: I think there is an issue with your number receiving US calls
Agent: I see the call but it show like you did not anser
Agent: answer*

-------------------

Conversation 321

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi 
Customer: i tried your sample ring call 
Customer: but still not done 
Customer: why 
Customer: does it work or not 
Agent: You did not receive the call?
Agent: What is your phone number?
Customer: No. Even it did not ring
Customer: +923002862526
Customer: And one thing more do you have any plans for Urdu language ?
Agent: let me check
Agent: Yes, we can add it for you on higher plans
Customer: still not received any call
Customer: even no notification 
Agent: I have setup another AI assistant from a romanian number
Agent: MAybe you have an issue with US numbers calling you
Customer: yes received but no voice 
Agent: Just note that its another AI flow, should be in english still but another training

-------------------

Conversation 320

Customer: salut, cum e cu limba romana?
Agent: Salutare!
Agent: iti pot trimite cateva demo-uri
Agent: https://youtu.be/Vr1rjFvg7n0?si=NGcxPFZlP_oJbO3y
Agent: https://youtu.be/quKKj1NukXk?si=9USfJI2OYGeaOr5G
Agent: Avem cea mai buna solutie din piata pentru limba Romana
Agent: Noi fiind din Romania am investit mult efort pe partea asta
Agent: Cum ti se pare?

-------------------

Conversation 266

Customer: Hello 
Agent: Hello! How can I help you?
Customer: Hey mate just wanted to ask are my clients able to login in and view all the agents success and call logs etc? Under the white label solution 
Customer: And call transcript etc 
Agent: Yes they will have full access to your platform 
Agent: And you can manage everything 
Customer: Does it include transcripts also?
Agent: Yes, everything 
Agent: You can impersonate each user under your whitelabel label 
Customer: Incredible. I’m just trying to put together some info for my sales pitch for when I sign up 
Agent: When do you plan to do it?
Agent: Let me know if I can help you with other info 
Customer: Will be signing up on the 27th when funds arrive 
Customer: You’re by the far the best on the market 
Customer: Is there anything is this that’s wrong or should be changed? 
Customer: Business Proposal: AI Outbound Cold Call Capability for Gage Roads

Prepared for: Gage Roads
Prepared by: Kyle
Date: [Insert Date]

Overview

Effective customer communication is crucial to driving sales and maintaining engagement in today’s competitive market. Gage Roads has the opportunity to revolutionize its outreach efforts with an AI-driven outbound cold-calling system that ensures your customers are always informed about exciting deals, promotions, and campaigns.

This proposal introduces a cost-efficient and secure solution to help Gage Roads strengthen its customer relationships and maximize the impact of your marketing campaigns without adding to your operational burden.

How the AI Outbound Cold Call System Works

	1.	Campaign Customization:
	•	Input your promotional message or campaign details into the system.
	•	Customize the messaging to align with your branding and customer tone.
	2.	Automated Outreach:
	•	The AI system schedules and executes outbound calls to your customer list.
	•	Calls are delivered with a natural-sounding voice that enhances customer engagement.
	3.	Real-Time Tracking and Dashboard Access:
	•	You will have a secure login to an intuitive dashboard.
	•	View call performance metrics such as successful completions, engagement rates, and overall campaign effectiveness.
	•	Access detailed call transcripts to ensure message accuracy and compliance, and gain deeper insights into customer interactions.
	4.	Advanced Security:
	•	Our system provides advanced encryption and compliance with data protection regulations to ensure customer data is secure and used responsibly.
	5.	Cost-Effective Operations:
	•	The system eliminates the need for additional manpower, reducing costs while maintaining scalability.

Pricing and Cost Analysis

To give you a clear picture of potential costs, here’s a breakdown based on common usage scenarios:

Minutes Per Month	Total Monthly Cost (AUD)
500	$175.00
1,000	$350.00
2,000	$700.00
4,000	$1,400.00
8,000	$2,800.00
16,000	$5,600.00

These charges are all-inclusive, offering complete transparency and simplicity in budgeting.

Benefits to Gage Roads

	•	Increase Customer Loyalty: Keep your customers informed and engaged with regular updates.
	•	Boost Campaign ROI: Reach thousands of customers efficiently to maximize the impact of your promotional efforts.
	•	Real-Time Insights: Gain access to a dashboard for performance metrics and call transcripts, allowing you to monitor and refine your campaigns.
	•	Data Security and Compliance: Advanced encryption ensures customer data is secure, while compliance with data protection regulations builds trust and reliability.
	•	Scalable Flexibility: Adjust your call volume based on seasonal or campaign-specific needs.
	•	Simple and Transparent Pricing: Pay only for the minutes used, with no hidden costs or setup fees.

Conclusion

The AI outbound cold call system is a scalable, secure, and cost-effective tool designed to help Gage Roads enhance customer engagement and drive sales. By leveraging this system, you can focus on delivering great products while letting the AI handle outreach efficiently and reliably.

I look forward to hearing your thoughts and discussing how this solution can support Gage Roads’ growth.

Contact Details:
Kyle
[Your Contact Information]

Let me know if there are any additional details you’d like to include!
Agent: I will check and get back shortly 
Customer: Thank you so much!
Customer: Hey mate 
Agent: Hello 
Agent: Sorry for the delay 
Agent: Yes, looks good in terms of all technical aspects and capabilities 
Agent: And regulations compliance 
Customer: Thank you 
Agent: Only the price I don’t understand if it’s the same from our website or you set a margin already 
Agent: Because with whitelabel you ca set your profit on top
Customer: Yeah have set a margin already
Agent: That’s awesome 
Agent: Then it’s surely good to go 
Agent: From our side 
Agent: You won’t have any blockers in the platform 
Customer: Yeah super keen just need to figure out client acquisition 
Customer: wether we cold call or do paid advertising 
Agent: It depends on the niche 
Agent: Enterprise has lots of volumes but has different approach 
Agent: Like LinkedIn outreach 
Agent: Smb you have small volumes than enterprise but easier to acquire 
Customer: Ahh 
Customer: So focusing on ai secretaries for example 
Agent: For ai secretaries you can go with both advertising and cold call 
Agent: Either will work 
Customer: Because we want to focus on marketing ai to start off for promoting discounts or specials etc 
Customer: as it’s easy to setup and run 
Agent: It’s a lot of market and all marketing strategies have great results 
Agent: It’s a hot keyword
Customer: Can you explain further sorry?
Agent: The voice AI market is a popular trend that just starts out 
Customer: Ahh okay 
Agent: And everyone has great results in marketing metrics (roas and so on)
Agent: And it’s improving week by week 
Agent: Because more and more people are interested about the subject 
Customer: is it easy to setup an automation so that if someone’s interested in using AI it takes there info and sends me an email or text message with their information?
Agent: Yes, you have variables that the ai can extract (the customer info) and you can automate with the no code platform to send it to you via sms, email, sheets anything 
Customer: Okay perfect 
Customer: Are you able to provide phone support for building these things under the white label solution to new starters so we can get our first one or two out the way for learning purposes?
Agent: We can schedule a call together to go through the flow setups in the beginning 
Agent: And also text and voice support 
Agent: But most efficient is an online meet and then text suport (screenshots and so on)
Agent: But yes; we are beside you in this journey 👍
Customer: Awesome! Thank you so much really looking forward to getting started this week 
Agent: 💪💪 
Customer: Hello 
Customer: Can I offer the free minutes to my clients?
Customer: Too my first client for example as a trial 
Agent: Hello! 
Agent: Yes, you can do that
Customer: Perfect 
Customer: How would I do that?
Agent: You can do it from the whitelabel settings 
Customer: So I can allocate a portion of the free minutes to each client?
Agent: Yes, exactly 
Customer: Perfect
Agent: Hello! How is everything going? When are you planning to onboard the white label?

-------------------

Conversation 319

Customer: Hey, 
Do you plan to add slovenian language as well? 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Slovenian can be added on higher plans for you, yes
Customer: Pricing for that price and specifics? 
Customer: for that plan* 
Agent: Are you interested in the whitelabel too?
Customer: For start no, I will test it for my agency. 
Agent: To have your own autocalls platform
Customer: later.. of course.. 
Customer: I want to include that service to my clients too (Closing deals or booking appoinment) 
Agent: We can add it for you on the pro plan and then you can upgrade to whitelabel after you test it and get everything going
Customer: Ok good, do you have any demo/trial (few days) for testing? 
Agent: It will take few hours to provision it to your account
Agent: Unfortunately we do not have free accounts, only the free test call on our landing page
Customer: Ok, I will check more about your products and will be back in few days... Thanks for now! 
Agent: Of course, you can also check these videos
Agent: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E>
Agent: <https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf>

-------------------

Conversation 318

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 236

Customer: I just purchased an account but when I went to buy a phone number.  You don't have any in costa rica
Customer: How can I connect a 3rd party number 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: Where is your 3rd party number?
Agent: I will check with the team if we can provision numbers from Costa Rica directly from the platform 
Agent: Yes, we can 
Agent: You don’t see it in the list because it requires company documents to be validated first 
Agent: We will need:
- Extract from National Registry (Literal De Persona Jurídica)
- Corporate Identity Card (Cedula Juridica)
Agent: And you can upload here:
https://tally.so/r/nGDRee
Agent: Our team will take care of the whole process 
Customer: Done 
Agent: Great! I will update you regarding the status
Agent: I just checked and a costa rica number is $30/mo, this is because our carriers have to create a special order
Agent: If this is too high, we can integrate a number you might already have. We can do with caller ID with your number (works only for outbound) or we can integrate a voip/pbx if you have

-------------------

Conversation 316

Customer: Hlo
Customer: Is anybody here
Agent: Hello!
Agent: How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 302

Customer: hi autocalls
Customer: I'm just looking to talk to someone who handles partnerships
Agent: Hello, Ryan! I am Stefan, how can I help you?
Customer: Hey Stefa
Customer: Stefan
Agent: You can write me an email about the partnership proposal at this email address: stefan@autocalls.ai

-------------------

Conversation 317

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 314

Customer: Hola it is a saas?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, it is a saas platform which can also be white labeled 

-------------------

Conversation 313

Customer: Hello there, I'm searching white label solutions for ai calling system for Turkish market. I need to try your system just for 1 day. Need to see turkish language, twilio caller id integration, knowledge base etc. Is there any way can you open a 1 day demo for me ?
Thanks,
Koray.
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We have everything listed 
Agent: But unfortunately we do not have free plans or trials, only the demo on our landing page 
Agent: We have Turkish as well, you can check sample here 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=pS6Powiy14oIzavf
Agent: You can check these videos too 
Customer: I'm checking now
Agent: We can also connect on WhatsApp if it’s more convenient for you 
Agent: You can leave me your number here and I will ping you 
Customer: Of course, +905318704444 is my phone number.
I watched all of your videos 3 things I need to ask.
1- For website owner I think they can put a form in their web site with api's.
2- For shopping website owner, how will assistant give information about product, product information, prices, dimentions etc. We cant upload any document , csv or anything in knowledge base.
3- We cant buy any turkish phone number in twilio. Because of that we need to call users with caller ID. In your twilio integration can we call with caller ID ? This is also very important.
Agent: I pinged you on WhatsApp 

-------------------

Conversation 300

Customer: Hey there, can you tell me if I can buy an inbound calls phone number from Guatemala? It needs to have the +502 extension
Agent: Hello! Yes, Guatemala phone numbers can be provisioned directly form us
Customer: Great! So, just to make sure, there are currently available phone numbers from Guatemala (with +502 extension) that I can purchase in the platform to receive inbound voice calls and the AI agents I train will take care of the calls right? 

I ask because I've been searching for platforms with numbers from this country and haven't found a single one that supports them
Agent: Usually we can custom provision numbers for certain countries
Agent: I just checked for Guatemala and indeed is not available
Agent: What we can do is integrate a VOIP platform if you already have a number there
Agent: It can be integrated with SIP
Agent: So if you already have a VOIP guatemala number, we can add it in the platform
Agent: Will that work for you?
Customer: Yeah, that could work. Do you have integration with DIDWW? 
Agent: If they have SIP protocol (which most voip services do) it can be integrated
Agent: But as a discalaimer the SIP is available from pro plan 
Agent: And we will help you integrate it
Customer: Yeah, I would use the agency white label plan, that should include it right? 

And I just need to make sure that the connection is possible because I have a big client who would be potentially receiving thousands of calls per day. Yesterday I was talking to the support team from DIDWW and they guided me to this website for the SIP trunk connection to be made: https://doc.didww.com/voice/inbound-trunks/creating-a-new-sip-trunk.html

Would that be compatible with the autocalls software?

Sorry for the need for constant confirmation, I just really need this to be 100% certain to commit. 
Agent: Yes, its definetly possible. White label has it of course and you also get white gloves onboarding meaning i will assist you 1-1 on getting everything in place (sip, whitelabel platform, billing and everything)
Agent: We integrated lots of SIP from various PBX/systems and its no limitation
Agent: Let me know if I can help you with other info. We can also switch to whatsapp and continue the conversation there if its more convinient for you
Customer: Great!
Customer: Yeah, it would be easier through whatsapp. Could we continue there?
Agent: Please give me your phone number and I will ping you there
Customer: Its +502 3809-2448
Agent: I have pinged you on whatsapp

-------------------

Conversation 312

Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 311

Customer: is the service available in dutch?
Agent: Hello
Agent: Yes, the AI can speak dutch too
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available
Customer: how fluent is it?
Agent: You can check a sample here
Customer: ok
Customer: how can i test the service?
Agent: Its very fluent, check the samples
Agent: We only have the landing demo call
Agent: Which is in English
Agent: In dutch it will be the same but in your language
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#test-live
Agent: You can test it here
Customer: I want to test the quality of the service with sandbox. I am currently researching ai for our service desk
Agent: We do not have free accounts
Agent: You can configure your own AI in dutch with the cheapest plan
Agent: And then you can upgrade if you need better costs per minute or white label
Customer: Do you provide free access for testing?
Agent: We do not have free trials, only the free test on the landing where you can test the AI interaction
Customer: Is it possible to use my preferred language for testing?
Agent: The test ai is setup in english
Agent: To customise your AI (voice, language, flow and all) you will need an active plan in the platform
Customer: Can I schedule a demo with you?
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Agent: Sure, you can schedule it here
Customer: Where are you located?
Agent: We are from Romania, opening an office in US too
Customer: ok I just booked a demo call for tomorrow at 3:30 am.
Agent: Alright, see you then!
Customer: ok, thanks
Agent: Thank you too!

-------------------

Conversation 310

Customer: هاي
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 309

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 308

Customer: 01210402051
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 307

Customer: Can you use bahasa Indonesia in conversation? 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: Yes, we have indonesian language available
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available
Agent: You can check here a sample in Indonesian

-------------------

Conversation 305

Customer: ich habe gerade getestet, die sprache testen auf deutsch nicht möglich?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Der Test bei der Landung ist nur auf Englisch, aber wir haben Deutsch auf der Plattform verfügbar 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#languages-available
Agent: Sie können eine Greman-Stimme hier vorhören
Customer: wir haben eben schon mal geschrieben, zwecks der anbindung voip fonial.de, ich habe ein kleines unternehmen, denke das kleine Paket reicht erstmal, wie läuft die anbindung dann mit meiner nummer
Agent: Sie müssen uns die SIP-Verbindungsdaten von fonial.de zur Verfügung stellen (Durchwahl, Passwort und Adresse), damit wir sie in die Plattform aufnehmen können
Customer: ich möchte 3 produkte bewerben in inbound:
Customer: 1. Bestellungen
Customer: 2. Neukeunden beratung
Customer: und reklamationen
Customer: kann 1 bot alles auf einmal?
Agent: Sie können alle 3 Themen in der Eingabeaufforderung des Agenten definieren und er kann über sie alle gleichzeitig diskutieren
Customer: okay, danke
Agent: Sie sind willkommen
Customer: wird pro sekunde abgerechnet?
Agent: Ja, die Minuten für AI werden nicht auf die Minute gerundet, sondern sekundengenau abgerechnet.
Customer: okay, ich probiere es
Customer: wie lange dauert es, bis meine nummer bei euch ist?
Agent: einige Stunden, nachdem Sie uns die Verbindungsdaten übermittelt haben

-------------------

Conversation 304

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Thank. I would like to know how I can translate an English PDF to Persion in this site
Customer: I'm waiting for your answer
Agent: We only offer voice ai agents
Agent: For automating phone calls

-------------------

Conversation 299

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 301

Customer: Hola
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 297

Customer: Hi
Customer: Can i get white lable 
Agent: Hello 
Agent: Yes, we have whitelabel available 
Agent: You can activate white label by creating an account on our platform 
Customer: Can i resell this service? 
Agent: Yes, you can have your own platform like Autocalls 
Agent: With the white label plan 
Customer: Cool 
Agent: Where customers will sign up on your branded platform and you collect payments directly from
Customer: Can i get more details? 
Agent: Sure, you will have your own platform on your domain, with your brand 
Agent: Logo name colors and all 
Customer: Its support arabic language? 
Agent: Yes, we have Arabic as well 
Customer: I need all details for white lable 
Agent: We can connect on WhatsApp as well
Agent: You can leave me your number and I will ping you there 
Customer: How can i get this resell and white lable offer
Agent: You can activate it in the platform 
Agent: It’s 419€/mo and you get access instantly 
Customer: Okay i need this offer what firsr step
Agent: I will be 1-1 support with you on onboarding and all 
Customer: This is unlimited users and calls? 
Agent: And you also get 3500 included minutes 
Agent: That you can use 
Agent: So you are paying for minutes 
Agent: Yes, you have no limits on users and calls 
Customer: How much per minute
Agent: And no limits on plan creation 
Agent: $0.09 
Agent: You can set your own profit and it will go directly to your bank account 
Customer: How much unlimited plan? 
Agent: It’s included in the whitelabel plan 
Agent: No need to pay extra 
Customer: But you say 3500 minute what you mean? 
Agent: 3500 are included in whitelabel 
Agent: You can pay extra 0.09 per minute 
Agent: The plans for your customers work like that: they get a plan that includes minutes and you set your profit per minute. When the customer pays we automatically deduct 0.09 per minute and the profit goes directly to you
Customer: And whatsapp? 
Agent: On WhatsApp we can move our conversation to keep it more convinient for you if you would like 
Customer: Ok how i charge my users? 
Agent: They can directly subscribe to the plans you create 
Agent: We are partners with stripe and we will open a stripe account for you on our behalf 
Agent: And you can manage payouts and everything there 
Agent: In terms of billing 
Customer: If the stripe. Not support my country? 
Agent: Which country?
Customer: I. Mean i can not. Make astripe account 
Customer: Iraq
Customer: But i. Can pay for you and customers via stripe
Agent: They are available globally 
Agent: It’s the largest processor 
Agent: That’s why we work with them
Agent: We can think of something else like payouts directly to your bank account from us 
Agent: Instead of stripe 
Customer: Okay
Customer: How can I install the white label? What is the first step to start?
Agent: It’s all cloud based 
Agent: You can create and account here and activate the whitelabel plan 
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai/register 
Customer: Can I make test calls for my customers like you do? Have the customer write his number and he will be called directly.
Agent: Yes, definitely 
Customer: I think I misunderstood, to be sure I am asking can I resell AutoCall service as you do?
Agent: Yes, you can do exactly that 
Agent: You will have your own platform the same as Autocalls 
Agent: With your brand 
Agent: A clone 
Customer: He can receive calls in Arabic, meaning he can speak in Arabic.
Agent: Exactly 
Agent: You can even clone voice in Arabic 
Agent: To sound the same as you/client 
Customer: Cool 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You are welcome 
Agent: Let me know if you get it now so we can start the onboarding 
Customer: I will make account. 
Agent: Awesome 

-------------------

Conversation 296

Customer: do you offer white labeling for agencies?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we offer white label 
Agent: <https://autocalls.ai/#pricing>
Agent: You can have your own platform like Autocalls
Agent: Branded with your logo, colours, domain and all
Agent: You will also have a billing account and payments go directly to your bank account
Agent: In the white label subscription plan there are 3500 call minutes which you can use. So you are basically paying for minutes
Customer: ok, how do i get setup?
Agent: You need to activate the whitelabel plan from the platform and it will be instantly created
Agent: Then I will help you with the onboarding process, billing setup and all
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai/register
Customer: ok, do you help to make my frontend website to caputure leads?  I want to use the calling bot itself to call and book meetings
Customer: so that i can sign up clients
Agent: The landing page is not included but I can guide you to integrate your own AI in your website
Agent: Of course, you can use the AI to generate leads and clients. I will help you
Customer: ok
Customer: can the agency plan be presented as my own product?
Agent: you cannot resell whitelabel plan from your white label
Customer: ok, can i get a demo to see the UX/UI for me?
Agent: You can customise your plans according to your need, including the agency plan, but they will not have their own platform
Agent: These are some settings inside the whitelabel
Agent: https://youtu.be/GbhLZ4A568E?si=Y-P9zUmEXjsQEjix
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=m88-kXe6bZYV7OWX
Agent: and here are some videos with the platform
Customer: ok i will check them out
Agent: sure, let me know
Customer: in terms of pricing flexibility 
Customer: what are the limitations on how i can price the product
Agent: You have no limits on that 
Customer: for example, i'd like to collect cc info, but give 3 days free
Customer: on the 4th day, charge the card for monthly
Agent: Hmm
Agent: Right now this is not possible but we can think of something for this to be possible 
Agent: You will have to create a normal plan and enable free trial for few days 
Customer: or first x number of calls free?
Agent: You can do free call minutes 
Agent: Upon signup 
Customer: ok
Customer: what do you charge me per account?
Customer: i add
Agent: No limits 
Agent: You can create as many as you want 
Customer: so for 419/mo i can sell it to 100 people at 59/mo for example
Customer: and i only pay 419/month
Customer: and i pass the minutes onto the users at say 15cent/min
Agent: Yes, all plans have included minutes 
Agent: And we will automatically deduct 0.09/minute 
Agent: And the profit will go directly to you 
Customer: ok this seems like it can fit our needs
Customer: so this connects via an api to the frontend website we create?
Customer: like some "login button" for example
Agent: The whole platform will be on your domain 
Agent: Frontend and backend of the app 
Agent: The landing page will have to be done by you where you present the app in your way 
Customer: yes the landing page
Agent: And I can help you to integrate the ai there for free tests like on our landing page 
Customer: so i should make this first then sign up
Customer: how many people are using your white label currently?
Agent: You can do them in parallel beucause you need to customize the app too
Agent: And also do the billing onboarding and everything 
Agent: We just recently launched whitelabel 
Agent: And will close it very soon 
Customer: why close it?
Agent: To not make competition between our whitelabel partners 
Agent: It’s mostly 1 whitelabel per country right now 
Customer: ok, i have used whitelabels used by thousands before in the same country and it wasn't a problem
Agent: There is a lot of market for ai right now and sure there is space 
Agent: But we also offer 1-1 support to partners 
Agent: And we don’t want to lose on quality of support by scaling rapidly 
Customer: ok, i'd like to give it a try
Customer: it is 10pm here, pass me your email address we can start implimentation
Agent: We can switch to WhatsApp 
Agent: Does it work for you?
Agent: stefan@autocalls.ai
Agent: You can leave me your number and I will ping you there 
Customer: ok
Customer: +12012595659
Agent: Great, I pinged you there 

-------------------

Conversation 295

Customer: What is the pricing structure
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: You can find it on our website 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing 

-------------------

Conversation 294

Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 293

Customer: hola
Customer: no
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 291

Customer: کیا یہ سروس اردو زبان میں موجود ہے
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 287

Customer: Is there a Canada phone numbers?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, but some require company documents approval before 
Agent: That’s why maybe is not listed 
Agent: Let me check 
Customer: Do we really need a number or rent to get a call?
Agent: You can test it with our test us numbers 
Agent: But when you are ready to get it to your customers you will need a number yes 
Customer: But we must rent 
Customer: so basically they will dial the number and the AI system will respond to the client in this dashboard?
Customer: So how is this things work we will recieved a call here in the platform?
Customer: can you show me how to test first?
Agent: Exactly 
Agent: Let me check first the Canada numbers and will get back 
Customer: Awesome thanks
Customer: Hello???
Agent: Yes 
Agent: One moment 
Customer: I just need to hear the demo of the actual calls
Agent: To test you assistant click on that button
Agent: And you will be called on your phone
Agent: You you should be able to see numbers from canada too
Agent: Please check
Customer: I have to create assistant first I guess
Customer: Is that right?
Agent: Yes
Customer: wait I will set up
Agent: alright
Customer: They are asking number
Customer: out bound
Customer: Do I need to put my actual number?
Agent: Yes, to get the call and test
Customer: which one I use make phone calls?
Customer: or recieved calls?
Customer: I tried it is not going through
Agent: make phone calls
Customer: it does not going through
Customer: I am confuse now 
Customer: Where can we litterraly get the calls? in the dashboard hear we are using?
Agent: https://youtu.be/GbhLZ4A568E?si=Y-P9zUmEXjsQEjix
Agent: All calls are being made to/from a real phone number
Agent: Try watching that video
Customer: Well it is very straight forward when I input my numbers it won't get through at all when i try to click the speak to your assistant
Customer: I test the chat seems fine
Customer: but the calls wont get through
Customer: It is all good now
Customer: Do I need to set information about our business? You've mentioned there is a travel agency business templates you guys have in the system
Customer: Hello are you still there?
Agent: I said there are travel agencies that use our AI
Agent: Regarding templates you can choose the most appropiate one
Agent: And you can adjust it with your need
Customer: Ok do they set all their templates their own?
Agent: You can give context to the AI like   
Here is the company info: and then paste any relevant info
Agent: Like website content, faq and all
Customer: Ok if I will rent the number where will I recieved the calls? from the client? on my actual phone? or the one I just bought here?
Agent: The AI will receive the calls directly
Agent: on that number
Customer: The number we purchase right?
Agent: Yes, on the rented number
Customer: So it the conversation will be recorded?
Agent: Yes, you will have the recording of the call and text transciption
Customer: And we can only see that when we log in here in the platform? is that right?
Agent: Yes
Agent: You can send the data with automations to other platforms
Agent: If you want to
Customer: I saw there is API Keys how is that works? can we integrate on our website?
Customer: What other platform available? Salesforce? etc?
Agent: Yes
Agent: In the automations platform in the sidebar
Customer: I saw there is API Keys how is that works? can we integrate on our website?
Agent: To see the calls on your website?
Customer: Is that API to use on integration?? to our website that is what is API does normally
Agent: Integrations can be done with API or with the autoamte platform directly
Agent: Automate*
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/
Agent: This is the API docs but its more technical
Agent: no-code platform is easier
Customer: Can the AI make a call to the client too?
Agent: yes
Agent: This is what you did now to test it
Agent: the ai called you
Customer: Ok thanks
Customer: So is there a Canada number available?
Customer: Are you saying the monthly fee is not included in the calls? or the extra cost airtime will have to pay? is that right?
Agent: Noo, in your current plan you have minutes included
Agent: Those will be used first
Agent: If you exceed those you can buy more
Customer: Ok get it
Agent: Yes, please check the numbers page
Agent: You can select Canada
Customer: Is there a canadian number available?
Customer: Awesome thanks
Customer: Is that in USD currency or CAD the rent?
Agent: USD
Customer: Ok thanks this is the number we can attached to our website right for them to contact our services right?
Agent: Exactly
Agent: You can use it to make calls to
Customer: Ok
Agent: Same number can receive calls from your website and also make calls to client lists if you need
Customer: Do I have to set the make calls to recieiving calls? in the platform?
Agent: you just attach it to AI assistants however you need
Agent: Create inbound assistant and attach the new number
Agent: Then when you will call the number the AI will respond
Customer: That process I did not know that
Customer: I will rent number now 
Customer: Where can I founfd the purchase number?
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai/purchase-phone-number
Customer: I bought one already
Customer: why is not showing on my dashboard?
Agent: You did not
Agent: You have to add your billing details first
Agent: And after that you can make the payment
Customer: That is what I did earlier
Agent: no transaction is shown on your account
Customer: Ok
Agent: try again please
Agent: And see if you have any errors/message
Customer: Ok I have it do I need to attached it to my AI Agent?
Agent: yes
Agent: And you can make it inbound now
Agent: And call your new number
Agent: The AI will respond
Customer: How can I attached the new number to the AI?
Agent: From the assistant settings, first page
Customer: Can I delete my first AI and set a new one?
Agent: sure, or you can update your actual one
Agent: either way
Customer: Ok I got it
Customer: Ok I set up everything and will configure later
Customer: How about the chat how can we use it?
Customer: to our website?
Agent: The chat can be used internally for now, but we will release a feature soon that will allow you to embed thatchat to your website
Customer: Ok please update us
Agent: Of course, will update you once ready
Customer: I am not happy with the outcome 
Customer: how can I refund my purchase? and cancel the phone number rent?
Agent: What is wrong?
Customer: Well the calls logging, the AI can get easily distracted, the conversation going round and round so basically it is not reliable..
Customer: How can I can and get my refund? please I just bought it like an hour and the rent please cancel it..
Customer: I would like my full refund please for both purchase. Thanks
Agent: If you have used the service we do not offer discounts since the resoruces have already been allocated and we cannot resell them
Agent: The same with the number, its already yous and we cannot resell it
Agent: As I told you we do not have trials, this is what you tried to do and is not fair
Agent: You can cancel your subscription and I can help you fix your AI in the meantime
Agent: It will stop renewing next month
Agent: I made some adjustments to your AI
Agent: Please do a call and let me know
Customer: The AI is not reliable.. it has a glitch and lots of improvement you guys need to do.. I just purchase the system how come there is no refund?? this is not a consumable product..
Agent: how was the second test?
Customer: I will run few more test 
Customer: I hope it get better

-------------------

Conversation 289

Customer: Hello , my question is can i conext with WhatsApp call ? 
Agent: Hello!
Customer: Hello
Agent: WhatsApp calling is not allowed by them 
Customer: My question is : can 8 cinectcthe tool with WhatsApp phone call
Agent: You need to be contacts before doing 
Agent: That’s why normal phone numbers work best 
Agent: Why do you need WhatsApp call?
Customer: Because i have a lot of contact with tourist on holiday, the are scared to phone a number because of the cost . The like to call ore text on WhatsApp 
Agent: I see 
Agent: You can get a toll free number
Agent: For WhatsApp I will check again with team 
Agent: But from what I know is not possible to do voice 
Customer: Oke , if you would like .... A toll free number is alsoba problem because the people are older the dont know the number and will be scared to call because its for them just a strange number ...
Agent: I see 
Customer: A other thing is it possible to make a conversation and on special comandos to send a link to WhatsApp 
Agent: Yes, it can be automated like that 
Agent: What if the AI calls the client?
Agent: Will they be scared?
Customer: That could be maybe.... 
Customer: But is all number from abrored , i am a bit afraid it will going to cost a lot then 
Agent: You can get local numbers from our platform 
Customer: Its like voip numbers ??
Customer: What are the cost of the numbers ?!
Agent: Yes, it’s like a normal phone number 
Agent: Usually $3.99/mo
Agent: For a dedicated local number 
Customer: The thing is that this are peoole from all of europe, so then ibwould need for each country a number 
Agent: I see 
Agent: The solution I see is to use a Greece number for example and have it call your customers 
Agent: Using a command on WhatsApp or something 
Agent: WhatsApp voice direct integration is not possible as I know 
Customer: What you mean a comment on WhatsApp
Agent: A command 
Agent: To call the client 
Agent: That will got to our platform and make the call to
Him 
Customer: Do you can connect with text on WhatsApp ? 
Customer: 1. So the customer text their number, and that you answer we will call you soon. And then they will call my call.....  2. And is it possible to answer simpel questions on WhatsApp eith your tool 
Agent: It can connect with WhatsApp text but only to trigger calls like you mentioned 
Agent: Point 2 is not possible 
Customer: Is there possibility to test . and I'm meaning One phone Conversation but.. forca wheek ore somthing 
Agent: We don’t have free plans 
Agent: You can test our ai on the landing page 
Agent: With a test call 
Customer: When i start a plan ... Is it possible to stop when i wannt . I have to finish the year of the month ? How it works 
Agent: You can stop it monthly 
Agent: Or yearly if you get the yearly plan 
Agent: You get discount when billed yearly 
Customer: Can use my on mobile number ore do i need a special voip number
Agent: You need to get a number from our platform 
Customer: Oké, thank you . I have to see how i conect it all to one system. Thank you 
Agent: Alright, thank you too
Agent: Have a great day 

-------------------

Conversation 290

Customer: Hi can you help me
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: How can I creat my own bot
Agent: You can activate a plan in our platform and have you agent ready in 3 minutes 
Customer: Ok can you explain about plan
Agent: All our plans include minutes 
Agent: You can check our plans in our platform or when the website 
Customer: Ok

-------------------

Conversation 288

Customer: I need the app
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: You can sign up here and activate a plan
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai/register
Customer: Thank you 
Agent: Welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 284

Customer: hello
Customer: Hello, good morning, I have a few questions I would like to understand:

- What are the mandatory costs for the system to work to make calls to leads that enter my platform?

Is it the cost of your platform alone or do I still have to pay extras for other platforms to work?

I want you to tell me precisely what calls will be made to Portugal and with Portuguese numbers, I don't want any surprises I want you to tell me the real cost:

with a Portuguese number, and if I have to pay extra to Twillo or the values ​​there per minute are the single values ​​per minute that we are going to pay.

And if we can use those minutes in the plan right away.

Can we train the AI ​​with our recordings, real recordings with a client, so that the AI ​​understands what to say in all call situations or is it just written training?

Is it possible to have you in Portuguese from Portugal? (cannot be Brazilian)

And if you clone our voice, the system will speak in Portuguese with our voice, because these situations on your website are not very clear.
Customer: Another question is how will I know, like a summary of the calls the AI ​​made, can I get a summary of the conversation, the most important, and send it via webhook to my CRM?

because seeing all the calls is complicated..
Agent: Hello!
Customer: hello
Customer: Can you answer what I asked above?
Agent: Yes, right now
Agent: Regarding costs, everything is integrated in our platform, including twilio. Carrier costs are separate as described here https://docs.autocalls.ai/costs
Agent: Carrier costs for Portugal are $0.01/minute
Agent: So beside the carrier costs and autocalls cost which can go as low as $0.09 there is nothing else
Agent: No surprises
Agent: With each subscription you get included minutes
Agent: The minutes in the plans are automatically used for carrier costs and they are deducted accrodingly (country called)
Agent: Training is done through text, but you can transcribe recordings and feed the transcriptions of the calls in the AI prompt so it can use that as a guide
Agent: Regarding voices, we have Portuguese, with different accents
Agent: But you can clone your voice and the AI will use your voice and accent 
Agent: Yes, the system automatically generates summary at the end of the call and we have a no-code platform similar to zapier where you can launch automations
Agent: And you can send to gmail or any tool
Agent: we have hubspot crm, ghl, microsoft and 250+ more
Agent: Let me know if I missed something

-------------------

Conversation 281

Customer: Hi 
Customer: How are you doing?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: How can I use autocalls ai to answer my phone calls?
Agent: You can configure your AI in our platform and you can have it ready in 3 minutes 
Agent: Our platform is very intuitive and I am also here to support you
Customer: Thank you so much petrea
Customer: What do you mean to configure?
Agent: You can personalize your ai in terms of flow, voice, tone and more 
Agent: It’s easy to setup and it will be tailored to your need 
Agent: You can take it further and integrate it with tools like Shopify, hubspot and many more 
Customer: Wow that's great, more especially i want to create a grocery delivery app for my business 
Agent: Yes, you can integrate it too
Agent: If you need that 
Customer: Now can you help me further how to get started right now?
Agent: Sure
Agent: You will need to sign up for an account and activate a plan 
Customer: I mean steps 
Customer: Alright I get you 
Agent: Yes, you can write me here 
Agent: We already have templates so it’s very easy to start and have it done 
Agent: But also you can tweak a lot of settings which are intuitive and easy to understand 
Agent: And I am also here to offer advice/help you in your journey 
Customer: Thank you so much petrea 
Customer: Let me try right now 
Agent: Sure 
Agent: You are welcome 
Agent: Hello! How is it going? Have you signed up in the platform already?

-------------------

Conversation 283

Customer: Can I use your service to clone my own voice and handle incoming adult femdom calls with customers?
Agent: Hello 
Agent: You can clone your voice 
Agent: But too explicit calls cannot be handled 
Agent: It’s just the ai that will not speak too explicit
Customer: It doesn’t need to speak very explicit. But some customers might. Could it handle that?
Agent: It will understand what the customer says regarding the explicitly yes 
Customer: can it respond appropriately to keep in the conversation and keep going even if it won’t use explicit language?
Customer: and would this type of use be allowed on your service?
Agent: If it’s inbound yes 
Customer: Always inbound calls
Agent: Honestly we don’t have a lot of expertise in this area but normally the ai will continue the conversation 
Agent: Even if the customer says explicit words 
Customer: Can it take a call where it first has to press 1 to accept the call  from an automated system and then wait for the actual call to connect?
Agent: I’m not sure I understood 
Agent: It can transfer calls to other numbers 
Customer: no
Agent: And you can also integrate PBX with sip 
Agent: If you have an ivr already 
Customer: I receive calls where I have to hear an automated message asking me to press 1 to accept the call before it connects the caller to me. Want to know if ai can handle that
Agent: Hmm, it can be done 
Agent: Using a custom tool that presses digits (DTMF tones)
Agent: But it will need to be done by us internally 
Customer: Meaning ?
Agent: It will have a small cost for implementation 
Agent: Will need to check with the team, around $700
Agent: I would recommend testing the ai and then we can move forward with the full integration 
Agent: Also if you have volumes we can think of another pricing 
Agent: Or if you are interested in the whitelabel too
Agent: What do you think?
Customer: I’m interested in checking it out. Not sure how I could test it on live calls though? 
Agent: You can test it yourself and after you are satisfied we can integrated with the number pressing and deploy it live 
Agent: I can check with the team the cost for the custom number pressing feature in the meantime 
Agent: With your tests 
Agent: But I estimated above and will not exceed that 
Customer: Am I talking to a bot now? Haha
Agent: Nope, a lot of people ask haha
Agent: We can switch to WhatsApp if it more convinient for you 
Agent: You can leave me your number and I will ping you there 
Customer: I don’t know what you mean by volumes but I’m thinking I probably wouldn’t qualify for volume discounts. I can currently only receive 1 call at a time and don’t get tons of calls. Although with the bot it could be possible to have 2 calls at once, from 2 different services. 
Customer: Anyway how can I setup to test? 
Agent: I just did a follow up with the team and it will be a cost of $500 to develop the number pressing feature
Agent: It can be done in few days and in the meantime you can setup your AI flow and test it without that feature
Agent: What are your thoughts?
Customer: How do I setup to test? 
Agent: You will have to activate a plan in our platform
Agent: And then you can create your assistant

-------------------

Conversation 279

Customer: How can we talk to other number or country like WhatsApp 
Agent: You can make/receive calls internationally 
Agent: Just like whatsapp

-------------------

Conversation 280

Customer: It has any free trial plane
Agent: Hello
Agent: We don’t have free plans, only the demo call on our landing page 
Agent: With every plan you get minutes so you paying for what you use

-------------------

Conversation 259

Customer: Olá boa noite sou de Portugal 
Customer: Hello good evening, do you only have a voice in Brazilian? Isn't it in Portuguese from Portugal?
Customer: Can you choose a Portuguese number?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, we have Portuguese language and portugal phone number available in the platform
Customer: Hello but is the voice Portuguese from Portugal? Or are you from Brazil? Because on your website there is only Brazil. Another subject, when Visa calls a lead to try to close a sale, is it possible to receive the customer's data, address, etc. and register this data on the platform?
Customer: When using your platform do I still have to pay anything else? Because some we still have to pay twillo, etc. Do we have to regulate it with https://www.gohighlevel.com or does your platform do it all? Because I want to send data from your platform to mine, do you have webhooks?
Agent: Hello! We have both from Portuguese and Brazil. There lots of different accents in the platform, in our landing page we only displayed a few to not make it hard to choose from. You can even clone your own voice by uploading audio samples.
Yes, you can extract data from the call like addresses and other info and then send it in any platform. We have an automation platform similar to zapier and make where you can connect your extracted data to (hubspot, sheets, email is just a few). You can also set custom webhook endpoints but you usually don’t need that since you have everything in our platform.

You won’t pay any cost outside our platform. Everything from voices (elevenlabs), llm, twilio is integrated and ready to go in our platform
Agent: We have GHL integration as well, and you an use our platform for leads too if you don’t use GHL for other purposes 
Agent: This is GHL integration in our no code platform 
Customer: Would the calls to Portugal be with a Portuguese number? This Portuguese number is one. Number you use for all your customers? Or can I have my own number? because of spam lists. The per minute values ​​you have, are they for calls to Portugal, are the values ​​all the same? This is because I just wanted to call Portugal
Agent: Yes, you can get a dedicated number from Portugal 
Agent: Directly from the platform 
Agent: Carrier costs are separate, but usually $0.01 so all the costs will be $0.10/call minute 
Customer: Just one more detail, so I have a lead that registers on Facebook ads to find out more, I can send that lead to your platform and your system calls and tries to sell, and the Bot training function, right? If the person doesn't answer, can I put in a callback so they can call back? Between what times can you call?
Agent: Yes, exactly 
Agent: You can automate that with the no code platform to capture the lead from fb ads 
Agent: And you can set how many times to try a call, interval between retries and timeframe to not call it in the midnight 
Customer: Is it possible to test your program for free?
Agent: We do not have free trials in our platform, only the free test call on our landing page

-------------------

Conversation 277

Customer: Hi 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi, I am looking AI call system for my e-commerce store. In this, I have to receive and call the customer. For example, if there is a delay in shipment, then I have to make a call for that. If a client has called me, then he can check my order system and tell me the status of the order.
Agent: Our AI can be integrated to do all of that
Agent: What ecom platform are you using?
Customer: I have different marketplaces, and they are all connected to a European system called Baselink.
Agent: You can integrate it with webhooks
Agent: We have a no code platform similar to zapier and make
Agent: And you can automate the flows described above

-------------------

Conversation 276

Customer: Привет!
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 275

Customer: Hello is ready for Italian language I work only in the Italy country 
Customer: You can provide me also an Italian number?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, it can speak Italian and also you can get Italian numbers that the ai will use 

-------------------

Conversation 274

Customer: Hello 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 271

Customer: Telnyx?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We work with twilio and telnyx 

-------------------

Conversation 270

Customer: Olá 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 269

Customer: Hey 
Customer: Hey 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 268

Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 267

Customer: Is there app that 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: Our application is web based 
Agent: Accessible from everywhere 

-------------------

Conversation 265

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: hey!
Customer: your agency plan looks good
Customer: can i set the per minute for each business i add ?
Agent: You can do it with white label 
Customer: id be interested in the white label option
Agent: You will have a clone platform like Autocalls but branded with your brand and subdomain 
Agent: And you can set your own pricing 
Agent: You will also have your own stripe account (we are partners with Stripe) where you can collect payments from your customers 
Customer: Can i upload lists manually aswell?
Agent: For leads? Yes, you can automate them directly to import from tools like forms, crms and also file bulk upload 
Customer: okay 
Customer: so its 419usd p month right?
Agent: Yes, but you are basically paying for minutes you can use 
Agent: You can 3500 minutes 
Agent: Get*
Agent: While also the white label platform 
Customer: i see
Customer: is there a way i can view an example of the platform?
Customer: ive viewed a competitors and its not very professional
Customer: & does your service include voicemail detection?
Customer: & do i need go high level or is yours standalone
Agent: Of course
Agent: You can use it as stand alone (you can manage leads, campaigns and everything) while also integrate it with GHL
Agent: This is the GHL tool available in our no code platform
Customer: okay 
Agent: This is a whitelabel screenshot
Agent: And regarding the app, I can send you some videos
Agent: https://youtu.be/Wl9gMiwpAyk?si=m88-kXe6bZYV7OWX
Customer: it looks good
Agent: https://youtu.be/GbhLZ4A568E?si=Y-P9zUmEXjsQEjix
Agent: Just note that we are releasing a lot of feature and since 2 months (video recorded time) it changed a lot, in features availability of course
Customer: sure
Agent: We are also releasing a new feature in 1 week or so to embed a widget on the website
Customer: your platform looks good quality and well worth the price.
Agent: So you dont have to call by phone, just click on a button like a chatbot and directly speak with the AI
Customer: what kind of support do you offer on the agency plan?
Agent: We have white gloves onboarding and close support on any matters
Agent: We can even switch to whatsapp and keep closer there
Customer: you are definitely the best out of the competitors
Agent: Things like setting up your platform (DNS settings on your domain, plans setup and all) to flows support (tips and tricks, and more)
Customer: competitors are quite trash to be honest
Agent: We put a lot of effort in our technology and customer support 
Agent: 🙏
Customer: i can tell
Customer: thats important
Agent: Of course
Customer: can you integrate with microsoft CRM?
Customer: aswell
Agent: Yes, we have all the important Microsoft tools
Customer: hey mate
Customer: got a query on the 1000 calls in parralel
Customer: what happens when weve got 100 clients
Customer: will it be 1000 calls in parralel among all accounts?\
Agent: You have no limit on your clients parallel cals
Agent: calls*
Customer: ok
Customer: and to confirm when i sign a client up i will have an option to add their payment details so that i will not have to pay for their minutes ?
Agent: Yes, you dont pay us nothing unless your client pays you
Agent: They can add their payment details in your platform
Customer: perfect
Agent: They will see your branding and everything (logo, colors domain, invoices, bank descriptor and all)
Agent: When they buy minutes/plan we will deduct $0.09/minute automatially on each transaction and the profit will go directly to you
Agent: And you can manage payouts to your bank account and all in your own Stripe dashboard
Agent: You have no limits regarding plans structure/profits
Customer: perfect
Customer: and do you provide calls log etc
Agent: Of course, you can see all call history, recordings, transcriptions, summaries and every detail
Customer: perfect
Customer: we will be signing up soon
Agent: Alright, when are you planning to onboard?
Agent: You can also leave me you whatsapp number and I will ping you there if its more convenient for you

-------------------

Conversation 260

Customer: Beni arayan numara benimle Türkçe konuşamaz mi 
Customer: Do you speak turkish ?
Agent: Açılış sayfasındaki demo yapay zeka ajanı yalnızca İngilizce konuşuyor. Platformda Türkçe dilini ve telefon numaralarını seçebilirsiniz

-------------------

Conversation 261

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 262

Customer: Hello
Customer: How are you 
Customer: I am Daniel Adah
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 264

Customer: Hey does this work with Sri Lankan phone numbers? Can I set up an AI voice agents for a Sri Lankan phone number, so when people call it and AI voice assistant will answer?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Let me check if we have Sri Lankan numbers available in the platform 
Agent: Sri lankan numbers are not available but can be integrated if you already have them

-------------------

Conversation 263

Customer: Hi 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 257

Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 256

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 248

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: I am looking for taxi business customer servicer
Agent: Awesome, you can definitely automate that flow
Agent: We also have inbound customer support templates to help you start 
Agent: And if you want to take it further you can integrate it with your systems using our internal no-code platform similar to zapier or make
Customer: I dont know how it is working
Agent: The AI works based on a prompt that you write in natural language. From there the AI will handle any phone conversation based on that guidance and objective you give it (like help the customer with his queries)
Agent: You dont have to write and script each scenario of a call, thats an old technology
Agent: Plus, you can feed it data like company internal procedures, terms and conditons and others
Agent: And the AI will answer based on the info you feed it with
Agent: And also it can be integrated with systems like CRMs, or similar to read/create data entries there
Customer: how much do you charge for
Agent: we charge by call minutes and it can go to as low as $0.09/minute
Agent: You can see our plans here, they all include monthly minutes and each tier allows better cost per minute   
https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Customer: only received calls?
Agent: yes
Customer: i dont use any tools i need just customer call center by phone call as mentined in my website
Agent: and outbound calls
Agent: Yes, you can build an inbound agent the will 24/7 answer to you customers
Agent: that will* your*
Customer: same charge for
Agent: I would recommend the Starter plan to build and deploy your AI and if needed you can upgrade to the next tiers to unlock better costs (if you have lots of volumes)
Agent: Also the AI can handle dozens of calls in parallel so 1 phone number will be sufficient
Customer: yes I just start my taxi business and I need customer care for inquiry
Customer: are you providing number ?
Customer: as local number
Agent: Yes, we have UK phone numbers in our platform
Agent: A dedicated number from UK is 3.99/month
Agent: And as I mentioned above only one is sufficient for your flow
Customer: can you please send me an email with all details if possible
Customer: giexpresstaxi@gmail.com 
Customer: as I leaving now
Agent: Sure, I will write you a follow-up email there
Agent: If you want, we can connect on whatsapp too
Agent: If its more convenient for you
Agent: You can leave me your phone number and I will ping you there
Customer: 07405609660
Agent: Can you check again? Seems like the number is wrong 
Agent: Never mind, it worked 

-------------------

Conversation 255

Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: I have been waiting for the appointment i booked for today at 7:00am but it didn't come...what's going on
Agent: You booked it through the demo AI call?
Customer: Yah
Agent: That is for demo purposes only
Agent: But we can schedule a new one
Agent: I have a slot now if you are free
Customer: Okay... When?
Agent: Does it work for you now?
Customer: Kinda
Agent: When will be more convenient for you?
Customer: Monday at 7:00 am
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Agent: Book it here please

-------------------

Conversation 254

Customer: Hi there, is there a trial period for agency plan? Thanks, Vishav
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: Our plans do not have trials, but in exchange we have setup a free demo call on our landing page where you can interact with a demo flow
Agent: Have you tried it?

-------------------

Conversation 249

Customer: Hi 
Customer: Osmani 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 251

Customer: hola
Customer: apexdrive2032@gmail.com
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 252

Customer: How do I build it 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 247

Customer: Hi there 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Hi Stefan 
Customer: I'm interested in knowing a little bit more about your platform 
Agent: Sure, what are you interested in learning more about?
Customer: What are the main differences between your company and callfluent.ai
Agent: Costs, support, AI technology (we released our ai last year, they did few months ago. So you can imagine the experience we got in the mean time), internal no code platform (similar to make and zapier) and more features 
Agent: Also the quality/speed of the ai plays a big role
Customer: How can I arrange a demo with you? So you can give me a tour around the platform
Agent: Sure, you can schedule a call here 
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction

-------------------

Conversation 245

Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 244

Customer: hi

-------------------

Conversation 243

Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Stefan Who can I talk to about partnering and adding a native language to your system and becoming a partner in your country?
Customer: our country*
Customer: i mean Uzbekistan 
Agent: You can talk directly to me 
Agent: We can switch to WhatsApp if it’s more convenient for you 
Agent: Leave me your phone number and I will ping you there 

-------------------

Conversation 242

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 240

Customer: Hi
Customer: Anybody is here?
Customer: 🤫 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 241

Customer: Olá 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 239

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: I want to serve Africa is working, like Somalia 
Customer: ?
Agent: Yes, you can serve Somalia 
Agent: And Africa 
Customer: Give me information I am so excited 
Agent: You can do inbound (like customer support) and outbound to book appointments and qualify leads 
Agent: We have a lot of info on our landing page, with call recordings and live demo as well
Customer: How to link SIM card number 
Agent: You can get a phone number directly from our platform 
Agent: If you want to use your own number to do call clients you can use caller id and will mask the call with your own number 
Customer: How customer make call the mobile phone 
Agent: You want to make or receive calls?
Customer: How much charges pricing 
Agent: It’s based on call minutes which can get as low as $0.09/minute 
Agent: We have subscription plans which include monthly minutes. Higher pricing plans include more minutes and better cost per minute 
Customer: Share price package you have let me know 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#pricing
Customer: First I need to test 
Customer: Demo, you give me number 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/#test-live
Agent: You can test it here
Customer: I have more clients as reseller not only 1 customer 
Agent: We also have whitelabel option 
Agent: Where you can resell our platform as your own brand 
Customer: Sounds good 
Agent: With your logo, subdomain and everything 
Customer: Great 
Agent: You setup your own pricings and payments go directly to you 
Customer: How much the costs 
Customer: Charge me
Agent: We only take 0,09/minute and you can resell it with profit for 0,50 for example 
Customer: I can make more sales volumes 
Agent: The whitelabel is 419€/mo which includes 3500 minutes already 
Agent: And you can deploy your platform instantly and start to collect payments 
Customer: Okey 
Customer: Can integration ERP, I have customised erpnext 
Customer: All my clients using erp
Agent: Yes, we have no code platform similar to zapier 
Agent: And can be integrated without issues 
Customer: Sounds
Customer: Please send details information send my email as referenced, I will try to test fisry 
Agent: Sure, let me know your feedback 
Customer: Sure q
Customer: How telecommunications company effect 
Agent: We have enterprise clients too
Agent: Call centers 
Customer: Where which country 
Agent: All over the world 
Agent: România, Ecuador, Spain 
Agent: Germany 
Agent: Us 
Customer: This company where hq 
Agent: We are from Romania and opening an office in US too
Customer: Great 
Customer: I am solutions architect certified Aws, azure and GCP
Agent: Nice, you have clients you want to resell Autocalls to?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Then whitelabel will be a great opportunity for you
Agent: We also have limited spots as we want to have only 1 whitelabel partner per country 
Customer: Great 
Agent: To not make competition between them 
Customer: How do link own mobile number 
Agent: If it’s on SIM card you can use caller id which will basically verify your phone with otp and then use it to call clients 
Agent: Your clients will see your number when they are being called by ai 
Customer: That sounds good 
Agent: If it’s a Pbx solution or from a platform it can be integrated with SIP
Customer: Ai automatically pick-up call right answer
Agent: Exactly 
Customer: This option I prefer 
Customer: How to touch local languages 
Agent: You can choose the ai language in the platform 
Customer: Other questions I want to asks you 
Agent: Yes, tell me
Customer: If link 1 SIM card link via OTP. How do you handle multiple calls parrell I mean concurrently call mitle agent one number all client calling 
Agent: AI can handle multiple calls in parallel 
Agent: Dozens of calls at the same time 
Agent: So if you want to call 10 clients at once, you don’t need 10 numbers. Only one is sufficient 
Customer: That sounds good 
Customer: If that exactly happend good 
Agent: Yes
Customer: No need hardware, so cloud right 
Agent: Yes, only cloud 
Agent: No need for other 3rd party integrations or hardware 
Customer: Is included mobile apps or only for browser
Agent: It’s only browser but it’s responsive and can be accessed on mobile too
Customer: All API can get if I want to integrate mobile apps 
Customer: Receive API, call API etcs
Agent: Yes, we have API and can be integrated 
Customer: Where can I get API documentation 
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai
Agent: We can also provide other APIs too if you want to extend on mobile 
Customer: I got linkedin flowered company and also you.
Agent: Great, I pinged you there too 
Customer: Okey, you see my profile, if you get other change for cloud solutions architect touch me
Customer: Thanks 
Agent: Of course
Customer: Hi

-------------------

Conversation 238

Customer: قیمت سلام من سال ۹۲ اقدام به خرید یک واحد پیش خرید یک واحد آپارتمان کردم ایشون قرار بود که تو سال ۹۳ واحد به بعد تحویل بده در صورتی که در سال ۹۴ تحویل داد در زمان تحویل متعهد شد که در خرداد ۹۵ آماده شد با توجه به این تعهدات ایشون در صورت جلسه تحویل واحد در سال ۹۴ قرار بود که اگر سند آماده نشد ماهی ۷۰۰ هزار تا به من پرداخت کنه و ۱۲ متر واحد من بزرگتر شد که تو هر صورت مجلس تفکیک و تحویل قید شد که در زمان تنظیم سند من به ایشون ۳۲ میلیون بدم برای من یک دادخواست مناسب جهت الزام تنظیم سند آماده کن
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: قیمت سلام من سال ۹۲ اقدام به خرید یک واحد پیش خرید یک واحد آپارتمان کردم ایشون قرار بود که تو سال ۹۳ واحد به بعد تحویل بده در صورتی که در سال ۹۴ تحویل داد در زمان تحویل متعهد شد که در خرداد ۹۵ آماده شد با توجه به این تعهدات ایشون در صورت جلسه تحویل واحد در سال ۹۴ قرار بود که اگر سند آماده نشد ماهی ۷۰۰ هزار تا به من پرداخت کنه و ۱۲ متر واحد من بزرگتر شد که تو هر صورت مجلس تفکیک و تحویل قید شد که در زمان تنظیم سند من به ایشون ۳۲ میلیون بدم برای من یک دادخواست مناسب جهت الزام تنظیم سند آماده کن
Agent: Can you speak in English?

-------------------

Conversation 235

Customer: Hi
Customer: I'm waiting for you 
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 234

Customer: Tell me how I can activate my Kundalini.
Customer: Tell me how I can activate my Kundalini.
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Tell me how I can activate my Kundalini
Agent: :)

-------------------

Conversation 233

Customer: Hei
Customer: Bot@bot.ro
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Are you a bot?

-------------------

Conversation 232

Customer: سلام
Customer: میتونی حرفذبزنی
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 231

Customer: ofrecéis el servicio en castellano??
Agent: Sí, nuestra IA puede hablar en español y también se pueden proporcionar números de teléfono desde España.

-------------------

Conversation 97

Customer: Good Night, I can't buy a number. It processes the success information but in the end I don't have the number loaded in my account.
Agent: Hello
Agent: Let me check 
Agent: It says that the card is declined 
Agent: Can you try adding another payment method?
Agent: And set it as default 
Agent: And try again to buy a number 
Customer: Ok
Agent: Hello! did it work?
Customer: I couldn't buy the number, it seems that my card doesn't have enough balance. What is the price of a South Africa number? 
Agent: Its the same, $3.99
Customer: And if he could sell me a Mozambican number it would be great for my company.
Agent: Unfortunately we dont have Mozambican numbers. I already checked with the team
Customer: That's right, I'll make the purchase of the number today, I'll try to use another credit card.
Agent: Alright, let me know how it goes and I ll check if you need help 
Customer: ok
Customer: HI

I want my company number to appear when the voicebot calls my customers, can you help me do this?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Where is you current company number ported to? 
Customer: I couldn't rent a phone number for Mozambique on your platform, I ended up choosing to rent one from South Africa. my company uses a two numbers of the national operators (Vodacom and Movitel) are SIM cards. I want the numbers to show up when the voicebot makes the calls
Agent: Since they are on SIM cards they cant be imported in our platform 
Agent: I will check with the team if we can do something to add Mozambique
Customer: If you can't add Mozambique you can create a way to add a caller ID where you can enter the phone number that should appear during the call.
Agent: I will check this with the team too. What is your specific flow about that requires this functionality?
Customer: I have a Contact Center, I have customers who provide insurance services and sell vehicles and I would like the phone numbers of their companies to remain the same since I cannot rent numbers from Mozambique.
Agent: If you could rent numbers from Mozambique from our platform you would not need to use your actual numbers anymore, right?
Agent: Can you give me the number prefixes that will work for your case?
Agent: I checked with the team
Agent: Good news! We can add a caller ID to be your own numbers
Customer: Yes I wouldn't need it
Customer: +258
Customer: Thanks
Agent: No need anymore for extra numbers. We can just use the ones you already have
Agent: You would need to get a number from our platform (US for example) and we will then use your own caller ID
Agent: We will need to do the caller id process ourselves, you will need to provide us the number you want to use and you will receive a OTP code 
Agent: After we verify the OTP code, the phonenumber from our platform (US) will be masked with your caller ID that you provide us
Customer: I believe there is still a need. I need the numbers for inbound calls because calls to international numbers in my country are very expensive.
Agent: So your customers will get to see your number when they are being called
Agent: For your own numbers to work for inbound they will need to be ported which is a process that will require some time to be done
Agent: Where do you want to make outbound calls? I can check the price /minute for that country
Customer: I want to make calls in Mozambique
Agent: Ok, let me check
Agent: can you give me your phone number so I can simulate the price using a real scenario?
Customer: Let him talk to the customer to find out what phone number he would like customers to see when receiving the calls and I will get back to him.
Customer: +258842572101
Agent: Thank you
Agent: I checked and outbound cost to Mozambique will be $0.40/min
Agent: Either using your caller ID or any phone number from our platform
Customer: Thank you

But you can associate Mozambique number for future operations, at the moment I am using these international numbers. 
Agent: Alright, let me know if I can help you with your flow
Customer: Ok
Customer: Hi
Customer: How are you
Agent: Hello! I am fine, thank you! How about you?
Customer: I´m fine too
Customer: Were you able to create a phone number for Mozambique? International calls are very expensive.
Agent: We cannot add Mozambique directly in the platform. We checked with all our providers and they dont offer it
Agent: You can either:   
1. Use our available numbers   
2. Integrate with SIP. Meaning that you will have to buy a number from another platform that offers Mozambique like RingCentral and connect it to our platform through SIP (I can help you set it up)
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: I'm from Mozambique and your platform does not provide numbers from my country and international calls are very expensive. Is there a way to reduce the cost of calls?
Agent: This one
Agent: Integrate with SIP. Meaning that you will have to buy a number from another platform that offers Mozambique like RingCentral and connect it to our platform through SIP
Agent: You need to check if you find mozambique numbers on a provider like ring central, vonage, telnyx
Agent: And if you are ok with their rates we can link the number on Autocalls
Customer: Ring Center does not accept payments with non-Canadian or US credit cards, is it possible to purchase a number for me and I will send the amount to you?
Agent: You will have to purchase the number yourself, what about the other platforms I mentioned?
Customer: does not have search coverage in this country.
Agent: Is it mandatory to bee mozambique or you could replicate the same flow on countries more accessible in terms of telephony costs?
Customer: My company is based in Mozambique and clients provide services here. International calls are not helping because they are very expensive. Is there a way to reduce costs?
Agent: If you need to call internationally you can use a us/uk number and call anywhere at lower costs
Agent: The price is high if you are calling in mozambique (either from a mozambique number or us/uk its the same price)
Agent: But what if the rate of Autocalls will be lower? Will it fit with the carrier costs for mozambique to get a good total price for you?
Agent: We are in progress of changing our pricing which can get the cost down to $0.09 form $0.20 as it is now
Agent: Will that help you?
Customer: This is the price for local calls, international calls cost $0.40
Customer: When will prices change?
Agent: In 1-2 weeks
Customer: With the change, what is the cost of international calls?
Agent: The cost of the telecom calls will be the same, only the Autocalls cost will change
Agent: It can get as low as $0.09
Agent: Which will reduce the overall cost for the calls
Agent: Will this help you?
Customer: I believe so I can only wait until the calls reduce the price
Agent: In 1 week or so the new pricing will be available 
Agent: You can test your ai until then
Agent: And get your flow ready to launch 
Agent: What do you think?
Customer: Everything is ready, the only thing left to do is reduce the cost of calls.
Customer: And put the call ID so that my customers' numbers appear on calls
Agent: I see 
Agent: So $0.40 + $0.09/call minute will be ok for you to start?
Customer: 👍 
Agent: Hello! 
Agent: We have lowered our pricing in the meantime 
Agent: Like we discussed above

-------------------

Conversation 230

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: i have phone number and I want to know how will i send an outbound call from my local number, thanks.
Agent: You can use caller id 
Agent: You will have to verify it with sms and then your customer will se your number when the ai calls you
Agent: Calls him*

-------------------

Conversation 228

Customer: Salutare. Testez platforma pentru un client enterprise de-al meu
Customer: Modelele AI sunt hostate pe serverele voastre? Ma intereseaza sa nu iasa datele din Europa 
Agent: Salutare!
Agent: Da, toate engine-urile sunt dezvoltate de noi si hostate acolo unde este clientul. Avem optiunea de gazduire in EU si US care se poate face manual de noi intern si automat in functie de ip-ul tau
Agent: Ne putem conecta si pe whatsapp daca imi lasi numar si te pot ajuta cu diverse info
Agent: Tips and tricks, prompt-uri automatizari etc
Customer: Sigur. Lasa-ma sa testez putin si iti spun 
Customer: Am mai folosit alte platforme precum Vapi si vreau sa vad call quality pe romana 
Customer: Pe restul platformelor fie accentul modelului pe romana nu e bun, fie latenta e prea mare 
Agent: Pe romana iti garantez ca avem cele mai bune performante, noi fiind echipa din Romania
Agent: Atat calitate voice cat si latency
Agent: Sigur, sunt aici daca ai nevoie!

-------------------

Conversation 227

Customer: Hi!
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Are you a human?
Agent: Da!
Customer: Mă așteptam la un robot!
Agent: Cu ce te pot ajuta?
Customer: Am auzit de site-ul vostru de pe ZF și voiam să încerc un robot.
Agent: Am inteles, va fi nevoie sa activezi o subscriptie in platforma pentru a face asta
Agent: Urmeaza sa actualizam landing-ul si sa poti face un demo call free
Customer: Asta ar fi nice
Customer: Mulțumesc mult!
Customer: O seară faină
Agent: Multumesc, la fel!

-------------------

Conversation 225

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: i want to know if you have integration with gohighlevel - leadconnector?
Agent: Yes, it is in tests as we speak
Customer: ETA?
Customer: its the only reason im not using your software
Customer: and thousands more 
Agent: next week or the following one
Customer: you are losing market share
Customer: a friend told me about your service he told me you added elevenlabs greek voice
Customer: is that correct?
Agent: Yes
Customer: perfect, where can i locate the clear pricing and wait for the release of this integration?
Customer: can i get somehow informed?
Agent: You can leave me your whatsapp number here and I will ping you once GHL is publicly available in the platform
Customer: +306945187938
Customer: send there
Customer: also i want to know if the integration will be whitelabeled
Agent: this is the pricing, our landing page will change next week too
Agent: yes, it can be whitelabeled
Customer: will it be native integration? i mean user will be able to handle your service from inside ghl?
Customer: we are many many users that use whitelabeled version of ghl
Customer: i will spread the news thats why i ask questions
Customer: im your free marketing agent right now lol
Agent: First it will be autocalls -> GHL
Agent: And we are in talks to be the opposite too
Customer: im asking to check if i can resell it to my users
Agent: We can also have a call and get to know more about how you plan to use
Customer: do you provide numbers also? 
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: i have my whitelabeled version of ghl 
Customer: and i have users
Agent: Yes, definetly
Customer: inside that
Customer: i will introduce them the ai callers
Customer: inbound 
Customer: if they work well they will stick
Agent: We have phone numbers from 150+ countries in our platform
Customer: greece doesnt provide numbers i know that from ghl
Customer: thats why im asking specifically
Customer: not even twilio 
Agent: Let me check for greece
Customer: yes do that 
Agent: Greece its not available by default but it can be provisioned through custom request
Agent: It will need company documents with Greece address
Customer: ok so there is the way to provide with a number
Customer: and whats the cost for it?
Agent: price per number will be available after the documents go through (around $4/mo)
Customer: alright normal 
Customer: perfect
Customer: im waiting your message when we have news ok?
Customer: on whatsapp
Agent: Sure, I pinged you there
Agent: And I'll update you once available
Customer: perfect i added you and answered
Customer: cheers and thanks ! 
Agent: Great, keep in touch!
Agent: Have a great week ahead
Customer: you 2 mate!
Customer: bye bye
Agent: 👋

-------------------

Conversation 224

Customer: Hi there, I would like a trail with a campaign set-up and testing before selecting plan.
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We will release a demo ai agent on our landing page in the upcoming days. Until then, you can schedule a short call with me where you can get a live demo too
Agent: <https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction>

-------------------

Conversation 223

Customer: what is the tariff for voice agent
Agent: Hello
Agent: The cost per minute can go for as low as 0.09
Agent: Depending on your plan 
Agent: You only pay for what you use 

-------------------

Conversation 196

Customer: hi, how are you? is it possible to duplicate bots quickly? if not, is this a feature you can implement or can i tell you to do manually when the time comes? thanks
Agent: Hello! I am fine, and you?
Customer: Hi Stefan!
Agent: Quick dupplication will come, yes. Until then you can write me and I can do it for you
Customer: ok, for now is ok. thanks
Agent: you are welcome, let me know!
Customer: is it possible to set a background sound?
like relaxing music, or the light background noise of a coffee shop, office, summer/mountain outdoor, static noise, call center, none?
Agent: This is a planned feature aswell, it will be available in 1-2 weeks
Agent: Now we are in progress of switching the plans to subscriptions
Customer: ok, thanks.

What means? Now we are in progress of switching the plans to subscriptions
Customer: will it no longer be possible to choose the pay-as-you-go plan?
Agent: There will be different pricing tiers with different features (for example white label) and usages.   
 First plan will be around $35/mo and will have 1 number included, 100 call minutes monthly, 1 cloned voice, 1k runs on the automate platform 
Agent: Other plans will include white labelling and other advanced features
Agent: This way you will have a more straight forward view on costs, while also having the possbility to pay by usage if you exceed the 100 included minutes from the first tier
Agent: You can either upgrade to the next tier that will have more included minutes, or keep the same tier and pay extra call minute
Agent: What do you think?
Customer: uhm... so there will be no more pay-per-use?

and if I don't want the white label for now?
Will the costs be reduced?
Agent: The while label will be available on other plans (150/mo and 350/mo) 
Agent: So for the lowest plan white label is not included
Agent: Also there will be lower rates for pay per use after exceeding the limit from the active plan
Agent: It will not remain 0.2 like it is now but lower with each tier (until 0.09 for the $350/mo plan which has 3200 minutes)
Customer: First plan will be around $35/mo, How much will the extra minutes and extra automations cost?
Customer: What is the maximum duration of a call?
Customer: which agent do you use/will you use? ChatGpt? Claude? etc...
Agent: there is no limit on max duration of call; automations (our no-code platform) cant be exceeded but 1k usually is more than enough for our customer. You will have to upgrade your tier; extra minutes will be around $0.17 for first tier
Agent: our team updates the AI agents to be the best performing one at this time. We do benchmarks daily and switch to different providers to get the best results: speed+accuracy while the cost its included in our cost/minute anyway
Agent: just note that I dont have the latest details as this process its currently in development with the business/tech team, but this is the rough idea of it
Customer: if I may I would leave the option to pay only for the service you use, without additional costs. Then obviously those who want can choose packages, but I would still leave the option to pay as you go without fixed monthly costs.

I chose you mainly for this reason.
Agent: I see
Agent: What I can do for you is to leave your account on usage based mode and with the first tier enabled (without payment)
Agent: This is because you have signed up before the new pricing and its fair to give you the option to continue as you started since the new pricing you dont find it suitable for you
Agent: Is that ok for you?
Customer: yes thank you very much Stefan. Maybe it's not convenient for me right now but I don't exclude that one day it might interest me, in fact, I really hope it's more convenient for me
Agent: Sure, I will let you know the switch will be made but in any case I noted you and will take care to remain on the same plan you are now 
Customer: thank you very much.

I would like to connect autocall with highlevel, after the purchase I would like to start an automation that activates a specific bot that makes calls to the phone number that the customer entered during the purchase phase.

can you help me?
Agent: Yes, you can do it from automate platform 
Agent: Choose high level as a trigger and connect your account there 
Customer: I have connected stripe for now, is that correct?
Agent: It should work too, yes
Customer: I didn't connect the high level form because the user could copy the form url and make all the calls he wants without paying
Agent: Do you get the phone number of the customer in stripe? 
Agent: You will need that to trigger the ai to make the call 
Customer: I don't know yet because ghl has a bug that they are fixing so I haven't tested it yet
Customer: I need to make sure I add the contact to a campaign so the customer gets called back, right?
Customer: I would like to test the bots via chat, is it possible to slightly increase the number of words I can type? thanks.
Agent: Yes, you need to add to campaign 
Agent: How many words did you try to type?
Customer: thanks, 3, 4 more words
Agent: Check now please!
Customer: thank you so much!
Customer: Stefan can't i create an automation when an order is created (not a customer) on woocommerce?
Agent: Yes, you can
Agent: Like this
Customer: thank you so much
Agent: you are welcome!
Customer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGZCMjYABm8

is it possible to have this gpt chat voice?
Agent: If you refer to the voice quality, we can improve it yes. But it will respond very slow. In the video you sent the time until the AI responds its cut and this is why it seems fast
Customer: ok, thanks
Customer: Hi Stefan
Customer: I tried to buy a UK phone number but I can't find it on the platform, can you check if the procedure was successful? thanks.
Customer: I redid the procedure and now I see it, can you verify that I did not purchase it twice. thanks
Customer: How do I set up the campaigns ready? The contacts to call will be passed from time to time by gohighlevel via webhook
Agent: Hello! 
Agent: I will check your payments, yes 
Agent: You can create a campaign and set it to not mark as complete if there is no lead to call 
Agent: This way it will stay active always and waits for a a new lead to come 
Agent: Only one payment has been made 
Customer: thank you. I set "NO" to Mark complete when no leads to call

No
If enabled, the campaign will be marked as complete when there are no more leads to call. Turn it off if you want automate lead importing.
Customer: it is showing always: Failed to start campaign
No leads to call. Please add leads to the campaign.
Customer: I want run it 24/24 is correct if I set: 

Allowed hours start time*
00:00
Allowed hours end time*
00:00
Agent: I think you need to set 00:00 to 23:59
Agent: To be non stop
Agent: Try adding your number as a lead and start it again 
Agent: It should remain started afterwards 
Agent: Ready to process any new lead 
Customer: ok, thx
Customer: ok, now is working. thanks
Customer: Stefan, could you reset the minutes again so I can test the calls? Thanks
Customer: I received the call but the campaign automatically paused :-( can you please check? I would like to leave it always active. thanks
Customer: Tomorrow evening, most likely, I will unlock the trial, is it a quick operation or does it take time?thx
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Your campaign has stopped because you dont have balance anymore
Agent: You can add more credits to your account and it will automatically switch to premium
Customer: thank you very much, I upgraded, is it possible to send via whatsapp at the end of the call the summary of what was said during the call?

to do this I have to create an automation, with the following steps: "end call", "send Whatsapp" and then how do I send the summary?

what will the whatsapp number from which the message is sent be? the one I purchased or my real number? thank you
Agent: It depends on your WhatsApp integration type 
Agent: I think you can integrate your own WhatsApp number with WhatsApp business integration 
Agent: At call ended block you get the extracted variables as well (like summary)
Agent: Which you can use and send it as a message 
Agent: Would email sending work for you? Or google spreadsheet, telegram and so on 
Agent: WhatsApp integration has more steps to do
Agent: As it’s required by them
Customer: ok, the email is ok, too! Thanks.

https://app.autocalls.ai/leads/8068
Customer: did not receive any calls
Customer: how is it possible?
Customer: I think it's because I had set the availability time as 00:00 =>00:00, now it seems to work. thanks
Customer: I launched, with the same callsign, the webhook for this campaign 2 times https://app.autocalls.ai/campaigns/93 the first time I was called, the second time I was not. can you please verify? thanks
Customer: this is the configuration i applied on GHL
Agent: What call retry threshold have you set?
Agent: Maybe it’s because of that 
Agent: I will look into your account, but in few hours please 
Customer: 3 volte. ma la prima chiamata si è conclusa con successo. Poi ne ho richiesto un'altra e non mi ha chiamato
Customer: 3 times. but the first call was successful. Then I requested another one and it didn't call me
Customer: ok, no problem
Customer: Max retries*
3
How many times the call should be retried the call is unanswered.
Retry interval*
10
minutes
Delay in minutes between each call retry.
Customer: where can i find the client email? and the summary? thanks
Agent: You can click on the phone call ended block and on use mock data 
Agent: Then you can use the variables from there to reference in your email 
Customer: the last call was on October 20th, I can't find the call I made today
Agent: Hello!
Agent: I see you have inserted variables already in the email automation
Agent: Let me know if you need help with something
Customer: Stefan, unfortunately even though I set it to normal speed, what the AI ​​says is not always clear and precise, in fact, you can't understand anything at all. I wasted precious minutes :-(
Customer: How can I make it say the numbers in Italian and not pronounce the asterisks?
Agent: Can you try choosing another voice? Or its not related to the voice but the meaning of what its saying?
Agent: You can explicitly say in the prompt to not write numbered lists and ** for bolding words. It never happened in english, I think because its Italian you have to write this in the prompt
Agent: Also you can say to respond in 1-2 phrases and be clear and concise
Agent: You can also switch to the most accurate engine and see if you get better results
Agent: Let me know
Customer: ok, i do it, thanks. I've already switched to the most accurate engine, but, see last phone call, he doesn't understand well what I say. If you can you should use the latest GPT agent which is formidable
Agent: It already uses the latest agents (4o mini, 4o) 
Agent: o1 is too slow
Agent: Thats why its mostly because of the prompt
Customer: of the last call at minute 1.40 I asked a long question, he only understood yes. :-(
Agent: I checked, its because of the pause after Si
Agent: The threshold before responding will help you fixing this
Agent: It will wait more time for you to finish the sentence
Agent: There are flows where the responses are short and it needs to respond quicker, and flows where responses may be longer and its more important to listen to the whole sentence instead of responding quicker
Agent: Will check the status with the team regarding that feature, is this happening a lot in your flow?
Customer: I am referring to ChatGPT's Advanced Voice Mode
Agent: Its very expensive at this moment
Agent: and only works good in english
Customer: You look and respond within 6 seconds.
Customer: It was released in Europe a few days ago too
Customer: here the answer is very good

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGZCMjYABm8&t=555s
Agent: The video is cut
Agent: To make it seem respond faster
Agent: And still around $0.5/min or more
Customer: ok,thx
Customer: How can I avoid being interrupted while I'm talking, see last call?
Customer: Hi
Customer: I can't work on my assistant :-(
Customer: I see the new plans, but you told me that I would continue with my pay-as-you-go plan
Customer: could you restore it, pls?
Customer: Hi Stefan, how are you? are you there?
Customer: could you unlock my account pls?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: The free plan is not available in the platform anymore. With the plans you are basically paying minutes in advance at better prices
Agent: What I can do is offer you a 50% discount on your first month, will that work for you?
Customer: no, i don't like this conditions Stefan
Customer: you told me I would stay on the pay-as-you-go plan until I decided to change
Customer: are you there?
Agent: Yes
Agent: But the platform has changed and there is no free plan anymore
Agent: What I can do more is offer a free first month on the plans
Agent: Thats the maximum I can do and is only because we discussed before but I didnt know what the final form of the pricing will consist of. We did not offer discounts to other members and also you have tested our AIs before so you know what you are paying for
Customer: ok, that's no way to treat customers! Please refund me the cost of the last top-up since I can't use the minutes anymore. thanks
Agent: May I know what is your issue? I offered you a free month, what else would you want? 
Agent: Optionally you could convert your credits into a subscription
Agent: We do not offer refunds on especially when you can still use the service with the options provided above
Customer: 1) I had active campaigns and you suspended the service without my knowledge.

2) You told me that you would create new tariff plans (for new customers) and that you would leave me the pay-as-you-go plan, but that wasn't the case

3) I asked you for a refund for the service that I can't use, unless I change my plan, which I don't want to do because it's not convenient for me in this first phase, and you don't want to refund me. Oh well!

4) Furthermore, if I can't pay, I can no longer access the assistants' configuration

The situation is very serious!
Agent: It was my bad to try to help you and still not be satisfied :(   
I said I will do my best to get you on the previous plan, but that does not exist anymore. What can I do on my side if there is no way to bypass the plans? Pay on your behalf? I offered you 100% discount and a way to convert credits into a plan which will give you about two months of service without any extra cost.   
   
If its not clear already, by plans you only pay minutes in advance that you still use! They reset every month and unlock better prices with higher tiers
Agent: I offered you multiple solutions to solve this issue
Agent: Its the exact same model as before but you have to recharge with fixed amounts initally (plans) and then extra credits (if you exceed the ones included in the plan)
Customer: I have created 6 assistants which means that the only choice I have is to upgrade to the "Agency plan" plan of $249 per month!

even if you give me the first month discounted, does it seem the same to you as having it on a pay-as-you-go basis?
Agent: I can arrange to keep all your assistants on the first plan :)
Customer: thank you but if you still want me as your customer, you have to keep the word you gave me, I want you to activate the pay-as-you-go plan as I had it before, otherwise you refund me and we'll be friends as before.
Agent: Unfortunately I really cannot do that as I cannot change the logic the platform has. I will escale your request to refund to the financial department and will get back to you on Monday since it’s weekend now 
Customer: ok, thanks anyway.
Can you send me the bot configuration at dralfio@gmail.com?
Agent: Here are your assistants and I just confirmed with the team that the refund has been done
Agent: It takes up to few days to appear into your account (depends on your bank account)
Customer: OK thank you

-------------------

Conversation 222

Customer: Hello I got confused there are different prices for the white label plans 
Customer: I want to know price for white label reseller plan. How many sub-accounts concurrent calls and price per minute and minutes included.
Agent: Hello!
Agent: The correct price for white label is the one from the subscription plans. Our landing page will be updated in the upcoming days and the old pricing for whitelabel will be removed
Agent: This is the correct price for white label
Agent: With unlimited sub-accounts

-------------------

Conversation 221

Customer: Can I try this product without paying for a plan?  I'm thinking of a 30-day trial or something similar
Agent: Hi!
Agent: We will release a demo ai agent on our landing page in the upcoming days. Until then, you can schedule a short call with me where you can get a live demo too
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction

-------------------

Conversation 220

Customer: Teneis voces en español?
Agent: Sí, tenemos voces en español y también números de teléfono

-------------------

Conversation 219

Customer: can i get a demo
Customer: gagan@getfoolish.com
Agent: Hello! 
Agent: We will release a demo ai agent on our landing page in the upcoming days. Until then, you can schedule a short call with me where you can get a live demo too
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction

-------------------

Conversation 218

Customer: hi is there anyway that i cant try a demo call?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We will release a demo ai agent on our landing page in the upcoming days. Until then, you can schedule a short call with me where you can get a live demo too
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction

-------------------

Conversation 217

Customer: Hi there
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi Stefan, my name is Kevin and I am in Australia. I run an air conditioning business. We use dialpad for our phone systems and would like to know if your program can be configured by uploading our  current call recordings to learn more effectively and gather all scenarios. 
Agent: Hi, Kevin!
Agent: Yes, definitely
Customer: Oh great 
Agent: You can write a general prompt to give guidance to the AI and also you can use your call recordings to transcribe them in text and then attach as context to learn from them
Customer: Any Australian accent options available on the program? Would love to know how we can utilise this platform to best suit our operations. 
Agent: Yes, we have Australian accents and also Australian phone numbers directly in the platform
Customer: Sounds good. 
Agent: I am also here to help you build your agent!
Customer: Great. How do we go with Dialpad? Can this be integrated with dialpad? 
Customer: 👍
Agent: You need to keep your numbers from dialpad?
Agent: Or you can also use new ones?
Customer: Yes absolutely we need to keep the number as it is our dedicated company which we have used for years. Changing the number would mean a no go unfortunately 
Agent: We have two options
Agent: Integrate dialpad through SIP, will need to check if they have this protocol but most of the telecom solutions have it
Agent: Or use numbers from our platform with the caller ID of the numbers from dialpad
Customer: I believe they do. Is there any technical support or set up session provided if we start using your platform? 
Agent: It will act as a mask and the customer will see your number
Customer: That sounds good. 
Agent: Yes, sure. You can schedule a call here https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Agent: Or write me directly here
Customer: Would love to see the demo and show you our existing set up so that you can help me understand which package will be best suited to our needs and goals. 
Agent: Sure!
Agent: May I know your company name and email address? 
Agent: We are updating our landing page in the upcoming days and could share some resources too 
Customer: Www.kleenair.com.au
Customer: Kevi np
Customer: Kevinp@kleenair.com.au
Agent: Awesome
Customer: I believe the pro or the agency plan would work well for starters and potentially scale up from there. 
Agent: Yes, they basically unlock better prices per minute
Agent: Agency is the best deal as you get extra minutes at $0.09
Customer: Makes sense 
Customer: Any set up fees I need to be vary of? 
Agent: We are a saas platform so our only pricing is the usage (the tiers we discussed above). Regarding the integration with dialpad and guide to setup your agent, this is part of our white glove onboarding which is available in the agency plan 
Agent: and its included in the monthly subscription without any extra cost
Customer: Great. I will schedule in a call and get the ball rolling. 
Agent: Sure, looking forward to our call
Customer: I assume we can integrate this with our CRM Zoho to set up automated follow up calls on quotes etc? 
Agent: Of course, we have a no-code automation platform similar to zapier/make
Agent: Which you can use to integrate zoho (its already available along +200 other tools)
Customer: This is fantastic. Cant wait to see it in action. Thanks mate. I have scheduled the call in for tomorrow. 
Agent: Great, see you tomorrow 👍
Customer: 👍

-------------------

Conversation 212

Customer: Buongiorno sono interessato ad attivare il vostro servizio per una azienda immobiliare in Italia. Ci serve un centralino di risposta alle chiamate ed un call center per fare lead generation. Grazie
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: Ciao! La nostra piattaforma può sicuramente aiutarvi con il vostro flusso. Abbiamo già dei clienti che fanno lead generation con la nostra AI
Customer: Perfetto. Vi occupate voi di impostare il tutto? 
Customer: Quando possiamo iniziare? 
Agent: Posso aiutarvi a ottenere i migliori risultati con la vostra ai condividendo consigli e trucchi e guidandovi attraverso la piattaforma. Non preoccupatevi, la nostra piattaforma è molto facile da usare e intuitiva + anche la mia assistenza
Agent: Potete iscrivervi alla piattaforma e ottenere il vostro ai in 5 minuti.
https://app.autocalls.ai
Customer: C’è un periodo di prova? 
Agent: Purtroppo non esiste più, perché è stato abusato dagli spammer. Per questo motivo è necessario sottoscrivere un piano che comprende essenzialmente minuti mensili.
Customer: Il set up lo fate voi? 
Customer: I numeri di telefono possono essere italiani? 
Agent: Dovrete farlo dalla piattaforma, ma posso aiutarvi. Possiamo anche programmare una videochiamata e discuterne insieme.
Customer: é possibile ascoltare una voce ?
Agent: Si 
Customer: Come ? 
Customer: I numeri di telefono possono essere italiani?
Agent: Sì, è possibile ottenere un numero di telefono italiano dalla piattaforma
Customer: Come faccio ad ascoltare una voce ? 
Agent: Posso inviarle un'anteprima vocale, un momento, per favore.
Customer: Per avere un centralino di risposta ed uno di chiamata devo sottoscrivere due abbonamenti? 
Agent: È necessario avere due assistenti, che sono disponibili a partire dal piano pro
Agent: Cosa ne pensate?
Customer: Buona! Hai anche voci femminili? 
Agent: Ciao! Sì, abbiamo anche voci femminili e puoi anche clonare una voce caricando dei campioni audio.
Customer: Visto che non hai un piano free, possiamo sottoscrivere il piano base per un mese. Però abbiamo bisogno del vostro aiuto completo per fare il setting. F 
Agent: Certo, sono qui per aiutarvi. Possiamo anche collegarci su whatsapp se è più comodo per te
Customer: Perfetto! 
Customer: +393357274520 
Agent: Ti ho mandato un messaggio lì
Customer: 👍 

-------------------

Conversation 216

Customer: hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 215

Customer: Hey does autocalls support calls in bulgarian language?
Agent: Hi!
Agent: Yes, we support bulgarianLanguage

-------------------

Conversation 214

Customer: Hi I am looking to try out the whitelabel version of the platform for my agency platos.io
Agent: Hi
Agent: Unfortunately there is not trial for whitelabel
Agent: You can try our AI using a lower plan 
Customer: how can I do that, the reason I am asking is because we do not want to waste money. the last platform we used had many bugs 
Customer: when I click trial it just says purchase plan 
Agent: Today we switched our pricing
Agent: We will update our landing in the upcoming days too
Agent: We had only one price before of $0.2 no matter what
Agent: Now you can unlock better prices for as low as $0.09
Agent: You can get the Starter plan and play with our AIs
Agent: And then upgrade to whitelabel
Customer: can i get a trial of the starter plan before I pay?
Agent: We dont have trial anymore since we had issues with spammers 
Agent: I can give you a test call from one of my AIs if you would like
Agent: We will add a free demo test call on our landing
Customer: ahh ok im sorry to hear that 
Agent: Until then if you send me your number I can make a call from one of my AIs
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: Also you can watch this video to get a view of the platform
Customer: ok perfect, that should be good enough 
Customer: thank you 
Agent: sure

-------------------

Conversation 213

Customer: i just sgined up and i dont have 200 free mins to test this platform out
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You need to subscribe to a plan
Agent: Our plans include minutes and unlock better prices for extra call minutes
Agent: They can go as low as $0.2
Customer: Start automating your phone calls with AI
You are just a few clicks away from automating your phone calls with AI. Customise, test and deploy your new AI colleague in minutes using +200 no-code tools.

✓ No credit card ✓ Free minutes upon signup this is what it mentions when you register
Customer: i just want to browse through and see what it's able to do 
Agent: Today we changed our pricing model to allow better costs
Agent: Our landing page will change in the upcoming days too
Customer: so it means there's no way for me to explore this app without paying for it? 
Agent: We will have a live demo form on our landing
Agent: Where you can get a call from our AI
Agent: Do you want to make a call from an AI I have at hand?
Agent: Until that is done
Customer: i'm looking for the ability and the ease of doing outgoing call and and more 
Agent: You can send me your number and I ll set an AI to call you
Customer: i run a Saas myself and i really recommend having a few free minutes to allow test it out 
Agent: What is the name of your saas?
Customer: im not questioning the quality of the AI calls :) i just need to epxlore the platform and see if it's compatible with what i need 
Agent: We had free minutes, but due to spam calls we require to subscribe to a plan first :(
Agent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: You can check this intro video showing the platform

-------------------

Conversation 211

Customer: hello can your agents call in arabic in the Egyptian Accent ? 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: Yes, they can call in Arabic with Egyptian accent 
Agent: We have already 5 or so voices with this exact accent 

-------------------

Conversation 210

Customer: pricing
Customer: pricing
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: please send me pricing structure
Customer: thanks
Customer: it can book appointment for nail salon, right?
Agent: Yes, definitely 

-------------------

Conversation 209

Customer: hello 
Customer: is anyone available
Customer: Hello Support Team,

I have a few questions about using AI for my business, and I'd appreciate your guidance:

If I train the AI using voice input about my business model and specific services, will it then be able to interact with customers directly to drive actual sales (not just leads)? My goal is for the AI to handle the full sales process.

In cases where customers ask follow-up or cross-questions, will the AI be able to respond accurately and maintain a natural conversation flow?

Will the AI disclose to customers that it is an AI, not a human? If so, how will it handle this while keeping the conversation engaging?

Additionally, I'd like to know about the AI’s flexibility in sales negotiations. For example, if the price for my SEO service is $600, could the AI offer discounts or negotiate the price during outbound calls if necessary?

Thank you, and I look forward to your insights on these points.
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: stefan please check above messages.
Agent: Yes 
Agent: The AI can do all of the above 
Customer: okay but how much is in? is 34 package will do?
Agent: You can setup every detail you specified 
Customer: can i get trial on my number?
Agent: The packages offer you included minutes 
Agent: As a start you can get the first package yes 
Agent: And for better costs when you scale (more than half per minute) you can upgrade your subscription 
Customer: okay but can you please call me i want to check 
Customer: your serivces. 
Agent: I can do a test call with a random agent I have around 
Agent: Will that work for you?
Customer: means ai will me? 
Customer: or human?
Agent: We are also changing our landing page and will have a demo form to get a call from the AI 
Customer: so now you are calling me from ai or human?
Agent: Am AI 
Agent: An*
Agent: Do you want to schedule a short meeting with me instead?
Customer: okay done.. is ai can be able to put sales on me?
Customer: yes i can but i want assure that your services are okay or not for my work 
Agent: Write me your number first 
Agent: And I will put an ai call you
Customer: +923350316886
Agent: And test it
Customer: okay done 
Agent: Okay, give me 5 minutes 
Customer: sure 
Customer: then i will message you after call 
Agent: its calling you now
Customer: ok
Agent: did you get it?
Agent: seems like you didnt pickup
Agent: is it the correct number?
Customer: i dont recieved any call 
Customer: now 
Customer: number is okay 
Agent: its ringing again
Customer: but now nothing here.. 
Customer: why?
Customer: i am sending another number 
Customer: +923 132708045
Agent: ok, one moment
Customer: just asked 
Customer: hi john how are you?
Customer: and then line droped
Agent: yes i see it
Agent: it will call again now
Customer: just got clal 
Customer: call 
Agent: i see you booked a call
Customer: but i have some questions
Agent: Yes, tell me
Customer: i have stammering issues.. so ai is interupting again and again.. if there were customer he will cut line because ai is not want to listen you completely 
Agent: yes, please note that this is a random ai that I had configured in my account
Agent: There are various settings you can apply
Customer: okay done. 
Agent: from flow of the call (objective, general script) to speed settings, voice and more
Customer: so what minimum package you will ask for purchase. 
Agent: you can set it to not interrupt the customer and adjust it to your needs
Customer: okay best. 
Customer: suggecst for purchase. 
Agent: what plans do you have? How many clients do you want to call for example?
Customer: basically i have leads of 100 numbers right now which i want to call in a month. 
Agent: I would recommend the pro plan 
Customer: pro plan?
Customer: i have only 100 numbers 
Customer: can you share plans?
Customer: again
Agent: yes, but an average of 5 minutes each its around 500 minutes
Agent: depends on your numbers quality too
Customer: nope i want only 100 mints package.. because if sales got in first 20 mints then i will upgrade my packge.
Agent: The agency plan is the best value for scaling since you get 9 cents per call minute
Agent: You can start with the Starter plan
Customer: okay great i want to use starter plan
Agent: for the first leads, convince yourself about the results
Customer: okay 
Customer: thanks for your time 
Agent: and when you want to scale your opeations you can switch to the agency and skip pro
Customer: okay done 
Agent: Alright, let me know if you have any questions
Customer: do you need any sales person on backend?
Customer: because i dont have any person who can talk in a call 
Agent: You can message me anytime and I ll help you with your assistants
Agent: The AI can handle all the calls by itself
Agent: You can choose to put your number if the customer wants the called transferred to you
Customer: nope i dont want to transfered call. 
Customer: ai will be my project manager and assistance 
Agent: Sure, you can leave out the transfer and it will handle it by itself only
Agent: We have plenty of flows the same
Customer: okay thanks for your time. 
Customer: i will discuss my manager regarding this 
Agent: Sure, let me know!
Customer: ok
Agent: Keep in touch

-------------------

Conversation 208

Customer: hola
Customer: hablar con un humano
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: hablas español?
Agent: ¿en qué puedo ayudarle?
Customer: nosotros somos una empresa se telecomunicaciones en peru y necesitamos tu servicio de marca blanca
Customer: queremos saber si con los did que tenemos se puede integrar tu sistema?
Agent: Yes, we have a white label option 
Agent: And also it can be integrated with dialers 
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/white-label
Customer: ok
Customer: tienes un demo para poder probar la integracion?
Customer: y la documentcion para la integracion de mi sistema con el tuyo
Agent: Sí, puede registrarse gratuitamente en nuestra plataforma y realizar una llamada de prueba en su flujo. Obtendrá 15 minutos de llamada al registrarse y puedo ayudarle a configurarlo.
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai
Agent: ¿puedo saber cuál es el nombre de su empresa?
Customer: telenet
Customer: mi pagina web es telenet.pe
Customer: en tu documentacion no tiene nada de integraciones
Agent: Integrations with dialers is done using SIP
Agent: You can connect your telecom infrastructure using SIP
Agent: Our team will help you get that done
Customer: tienen un numero de whatsapp para seguir hablando?
Customer: o con el area de soporte?
Agent: Claro, escríbeme tu número de whatsapp y te ping allí
Agent: or you can write me here: +40741926265

-------------------

Conversation 198

Customer: Can an AI agent leave a voicemail message?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: Yes, it can leave a voice mail but this feature will be publicly available in the platform next week or so 
Agent: What flow do you have in mind to automate?
Customer: I only have one flow right now. I can't remember what it is called.
Customer: Is there a way to slow down the speech rate of the agent?
Agent: We have a response speed slider coming up in the platform 
Agent: You can disable filler audios from advanced settings until then
Agent: Let me know if its better
Customer: I'll try it.
Customer: Another question: If an assistant makes an outgoing call then sometimes the person will call back the number shown on their caller id. Can I make it so an assistant can answer a call on that same number?
Agent: Yes, you will need to define 2 assistants (1 for outbound; 1 for inbound) and attach the same phone number
Agent:  A single phone number can handle multiple inbound/outbound calls in parallel
Customer: Where can I find a list of the functions I can call?
Agent: What do you mean by that? You can use the tools from
The assistant settings 
Agent: Do you need to integrate a custom tool?
Customer: I know the name of the function end_call, but I don't know the name of the function to transfer the call or to set an appointment with cal.com
Agent: You dont need to specify the name of the function exactly, it will know when and which to call 
Agent: If you describe it like you did now it will work
Customer: ok thank you
Customer: What's the best way to get the caller's name, email address, and phone number for the appointment scheduling?
Customer: ?
Agent: Hmm
Agent: If you have a flow for outbound you can inject the variables in the call 
Agent: It’s best if you have these details from the beginning and only confirm them with the client 
Customer: No, I'm trying to take an incoming call and then set an appointment with them. I need to get their phone number and email address.
Agent: The phone number is already there since the customer used it to call the ai 
Agent: It should appear in the booking details 
Agent: You can also send a confirmation SMS to their number with the appointment link 
Agent: Usually our clients don’t use email because of two reasons:
1. Email is difficult to get right over phone call (even with humans)
2. Since the customer called, you have their number and you can use SMS to send all the details, link and even reminders with the automate platform 
Agent: SMS notifications are far better than emails 
Customer: How do you send the notification by sms?
Agent: Like this
Agent: You need to create a new flow and start from cal.com trigger
Customer: Notice in this screenshot that the phone number is missing.
Agent: This was an inbound call?
Customer: I called in from my cell phone.
Agent: Alright, I will check and let you know!
Customer: Any update on this?
Agent: Will update you in 30 mins or so
Agent: Do you have any inquiry or just this one?
Agent: Any other*
Customer: so far, just this one
Agent: can you give me your link to book a test appointment?
Agent: on cal.com
Customer: https://cal.com/nathancain/home-seller-initial-consultation
Agent: I made some changes, check now please
Agent: If its stil not working, let me know and I will pass to our team to look further
Customer: ok. I'll test. What changes did you make?
Agent: You can look in the automate platform, I added a custom mapping 
Agent: But it also could be that your account on cal.com uses a different api version which our team needs to adjust 
Agent: We haven’t encountered this before, but let me know how it goes 
Customer: will this work on both of my assistants?
Customer: Also, there is another problem.
Agent: Yes, it should work on both 
Customer: I just had it call me and I set an appointment, but it still didn't save the phone number.
Agent: It’s most probably because of your account on cal.com using the latest API
Agent: I will check with the team and get this fixed
Agent: I will let you know tomorrow when you can test again
Customer: ok thanks.
Agent: Thank you
Agent: Hello! Can you change your meeting on Autocalls and set location as cal.com/meet?
Agent: You should see the client phone number in cal.com
Customer: I'm sorry. I'm not sure what you mean by set location as cal.com/meet. How do I do that?
Agent: From meeting settings in cal.com
Agent: Try changing it to cal video/google meet 
Agent: We will implement the new API as well in the meantime
Customer: That doesn't seem to help. I still need to capture the phone number and relate it to the correct appointment.

There is another problem. When the assistant asks if they want to schedule the appointment, for example at 10 AM or 3 PM, the AI voice says 10 A..(garbled) or 3 P..(garbled).
Agent: For the second problem you can write in the prompt to spell AM and PM without dots
Agent: And it should fix it
Customer: It isn't anything I've written. It is coming from the cal.com connection.
Agent: Let me investigate the phone number capturing and fix it for you
Agent: Its been fixed, can you check again please?
Agent: It should appear the customer phone number when booking an appointment, let me know if its works for you too now
Agent: Something like this should be enough: When writing timeslots, do not write dots between "AM" and "PM".
Customer: I'm not writing the timeslots. The AI is reading whatever cal.com outputs.
Agent: the AI will process those timeslots, try writing that in the prompt and I assure you it will fix it
Customer: What do you suggest I add?
Agent: this one ": When writing timeslots, do not write dots between “AM” and “PM”."
Agent: Anywhere in your prompt
Customer: Can you give me more credit balance so I can continue testing?
Agent: I added 10 minutes to your account 👍
Customer: https://app.autocalls.ai/calls/6060 This call failed to detect the voicemail.
Agent: I will forward to the team, each voicemail  its different and thats why it may failed on this one
Customer: i understand
Customer: Can your service be used for texting instead of calling?
Agent: Do you mean to put a chat bot on your website?
Customer: No, I mean sms.
Agent: Or send sms/whatsapp messages 
Agent: I see
Agent: We have a plan for this too
Agent: What is your use case for using sms only?
Customer: I would text homeowners who were trying to sell their house but the listing agreement with their realtor expired. I'd ask them if they have a moment to chat about their property.
Customer: Is this something you can help with now or is it for the future?
Agent: The text feature is not ready yet 
Agent: I will check with the team and let you know 
Agent: What is the status of this 
Agent: Do you prefer sms or WhatsApp?
Customer: sms

-------------------

Conversation 207

Customer: hello 
Customer: is any 
Customer: is anyoneavailable for chat?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: can you please let me know how much for calls package? 

like i bought a number from you. which is fine. but how many calls will do by autocalls.ai and how autocall could share me details? 
Customer: regarding my sales 
Customer: i am only saying for outbound calls.. 
Customer: basically i am in web design agency and i have leads but dont have any sales person available.. 
Agent: We have a platform where you can manage your assistants, calls, leads, automations and more
Agent: We are in process of changing the pricing in the upcoming days
Agent: To these ones
Customer: okay but how much you will charge? 

suppose i have numbers only 100 and i want to calls via autocalls and these calls will be done in one month.. so what will be price of 100 calls in 30 days package?
Agent: when you get a subscription plan you get included minutes 
Agent: so with the first plan, you can call all your leads
Customer: yess just saw this.
Customer: lets suppose. 
Customer: if my customer was interested in web design package, so how ai will shared me details?
Agent: You can make an automation 
Agent: And add qualified leads to spreadsheets 
Customer: ooh thats great 
Customer: is there possible for test call?
Agent: Or send you an email with the lead or what else you need
Customer: to my number?
Agent: Yes 

-------------------

Conversation 204

Customer: Hi 
Customer: I need help 
Customer: ??
Customer: hellooooooooo 
Customer: Are you there
Customer: I need help 
Customer: why dont you guys respond? 
Customer: is this a scam? 
Customer: are you there? 
Customer: I need help setting up the flow 
Customer: the video tutorial is so confusing and the one who is creating it is skipping the steps 
Customer: You need training to create tutorials 
Customer: respond to me if you are a real business 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Hi Stefan 
Customer: Are you available right now
Customer: I need help 
Agent: Yes, how can I help you?
Customer: I need help with the automation, 
Agent: What is the issue there?
Customer: Can I call you? Or we can setup a meeting 
Customer: I'm stuck setting up the automation. 
Customer: need help with the flow. 
Agent: Let me kook into your automation
Agent: You scheduled for tomorrow right?
Customer: I need help right now if possible. 
Customer: I watched the tutorial but its so confusing and some of the steps are not included. 
Customer: I have already setup my personel assistant just need help setting up the flow. 
Agent: Ok
Agent: so you want to import variables from automate platform right?
Customer: Yes 
Agent: what variables do you need for the ai?
Agent: customer_name and what else?
Customer: i don't know that else is required, I want it to use for making outbound calls 
Agent: I added these since I saw them in your prompt
Customer: https://meet.google.com/vnh-oyxd-pbz?pli=1&ijlm=1730393934903&hs=187&adhoc=1 
Customer: Let me share my screen with you. 
Agent: check now please
Agent: do a webhook test
Customer: How to do a webhook test? 
Customer: Should I go in campaigns? 
Agent: you can launch it from your platform
Agent: or let me check other way
Customer: No I would like to do it my self so I don't have to bother you over and over. 
Customer: Please guide me with the process of making a test call to my self. 
Agent: i rerun the lust run
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai/leads/9494
Agent: and as you can see it has the right variables
Agent: if this is your number you can click here
Agent: from the lead page
Agent: or you can edit it and put your phone number instead
Customer: let me check, Bare with me please. 
Customer: this is all I can see on the leads page 
Agent: sorry, my bad
Agent: we can schedule a call if you want
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Agent: here
Customer: I have tested the call. 
Customer: I guess I need to setup my pitch. 

-------------------

Conversation 206

Customer: How does it work
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 203

Customer: 123
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 202

Customer: Looking for a 100% outbound calls ai agent to be able to qualify leads and transfer the call to a live agent. 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: You can do this using our platform 
Agent: What flow would you like to automate?

-------------------

Conversation 200

Customer: sup man
Customer: no
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 199

Customer: Do you have integration with highlevel ?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: Yea, we have 
Agent: What flow do you have in mind to automate?

-------------------

Conversation 197

Customer: Why doesnt your website use its own voice technology?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: We use our own technology

-------------------

Conversation 195

Customer: Hi, how does the pricing works?
Agent: This message was deleted
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: The pricing is pay as you go, $0.20 per call minute 
Agent: You only pay what you use 
Customer: nice, is there any extra fees? like per campaign, per assistant?
Customer: is there?
Agent: Not for now, we will change to a subscription model soon
Agent: But you will remain the same if you start using on usage based as it is now 
Customer: cool, I want to test the actual call experience, do we get a demo number or should I pay for it?
Agent: You can test for free from the platform 
Agent: Create your assistant and then click on speak to your assistant 
Customer: nice thank you

-------------------

Conversation 194

Customer: hello
Customer: can i use a nigerian number ?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: Nigerian can be added, yes
Customer: ok
Customer: can i use nigeria number for the outbond and inbound calls?
Customer: now that dollar rate is very high in nigeria paying in dollars is goimg tobe extremly expensive. can i pay  in naira from nigeria?
Agent: Nigerian numbers cannot be added directly from our platform, it will need to be integrated from another platform/dialler (like ring central or something)
Agent: Regarding the rates it can only be paid in USD :(

-------------------

Conversation 15

Customer: hi
Customer: can i white label
Agent: Hello 
Agent: We are working on a solution that will be available soon 
Agent: What flows are you looking to automate?
Customer: hey
Customer: i just bought a phone number
Customer: but i cant see it in my system
Agent: You should see it in your phone numbers table 
Customer: its not popping up
Agent: What country did you chose for your phone number?
Customer: United Kingdom
Customer: already charged the money too
Agent: Let me check 
Customer: ok
Agent: Let’s connect on another platform too, like LinkedIn or WhatsApp 
Agent: To keep the conversation close 
Agent: What do you prefer?
Customer: whatsapp
Agent: Send me your phone number and I will write you there 
Customer: +971585802186
Customer: any luck with my number ? 
Agent: I have sent you a message there 
Customer: replied back
Agent: I have escalated your issue to our team and will get back asap 
Customer: how much time is required ?
Agent: I am trying to solve it now by allocating another phone number 
Agent: Or 2-3 hours max 
Customer: Hi
Customer: can we connect on zoom or google meet later ?
Agent: Hello
Agent: It could be possible via dial in
Agent: In zoom there is the possibility to join a call by calling a phone number. This can be automated from our platfrom so to assistant will make a call to the dial-in zoom number
Customer: id like to get on a screen share with you to learn how I can do bulk
Agent: Sure, we can do that
Agent: Is it blocking you now, or you can test your flow without zoom/google meet integration for now?
Customer: its not blocking me
Customer: im just trying to have a zoom session to learn the module the way you guys have created it 
Agent: I understand now, you want us both to connect on a video call to help you with your flow. I thought you want to connect the AI to online meetings
Agent: We can defintely connect and help you out, sure
Customer: sure
Agent: You can schedule our call using this link   
https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: cant be today ?
Agent: I have an open slot in 30 minutes for today, how does it sound for you?
Customer: sounds like a plan 
Customer: :)
Customer: Im in
Agent: Great to hear
Agent: https://meet.google.com/kpc-ofja-hee
Agent: We will join here in 34 minutes
Customer: ok
Customer: ??
Agent: What happened?
Agent: you are in the call already?
Customer: can u send me another link 
Agent: why do you need another link? It should be the same as the first one
Agent: <https://meet.google.com/kpc-ofja-hee>
Agent: but we meet in 10 minutes
Agent: at :00
Customer: ok
Customer: hey
Customer: stefan my automate platform is disabled
Agent: Hello
Agent: Hmm, let me check 
Agent: I saw the issue, I will forward to the tech team and get this fixed
Customer: Stefan
Customer: we are now running ads on facebook and google
Customer: I am getting clients to sell Autocalls
Customer: i was expecting the whitelabel functionality to be released this year
Customer: so I am going to create accounts for all other clients seperately
Customer: let me know if you can help me with this
Agent: The whitelabel is already available, as I shared on whatsapp
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/white-label
Agent: Automate platform should work for your account now too, please check

-------------------

Conversation 190

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 189

Customer: how its work ?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Agent: Its an AI that talks with your customers over the phone
Customer: how i can connect my phone number ?
Agent: You can rent a phone number directly from our platform
Customer: why i can't use my own phone number ?
Agent: where is your phone number at now?
Customer: Africa
Customer: Benin
Agent: You cannot port a normal number
Agent: You can integrate a dialler, twilio or use directly from our platform
Customer: ok what is your pricing
Agent: its pay as you go
Agent: $0.2/call minute
Customer: thanks
Agent: You are welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 185

Customer: Good evening, how are you? I hope my business is authorized. 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 186

Customer: مساء الخير
Customer: What about calling me
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 187

Customer: Does your ai voice system integrated with others>
Agent: Hello! Yes, you can integrate our system with others

-------------------

Conversation 188

Customer: Pricing?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 84

Customer: hi
Customer: can you help me
Customer: I got a new phone number 
Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 184

Customer: Bonjour 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 183

Customer: Is this free
Customer: Is this free
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Is this free AI auto call
Agent: Yes 
Agent: It’s pay as you go 
Agent: $0.2/call minute 

-------------------

Conversation 182

Customer: Hi
Customer: Hi
Customer: Hi
Customer: A
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 181

Customer: hi 
Customer: Available in Urdu Langauge ???
Customer: ???
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: We can add urdu, yes 
Agent: But this is a custom service that costs $49 (one time)
Agent: Are you interested to add Urdu?
Customer: Yes I am interested but this is your software so you have to update 
Agent: We have very low demand for Urdu and we will do it especially for you
Customer: ok 
Customer: i am from Pakistan 
Customer: so i use this in Pakistan 
Agent: Thats why we have this charge. Its not covering our AI trainings and all, but it ensures us of your dedication towards our platform
Agent: https://buy.stripe.com/00g03O0Vx4iu5iw9AA
Agent: What do you think?

-------------------

Conversation 180

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: your sollution can be provided on presmisses architeture?
Agent: We do offer on-premise installation for enterprise clients, yes
Agent: May I know more details regarding your flow and which company is inquiring?
Customer: the bot can be built in any languages?  Bulgarian, Macedonian, so not very popular...
Agent: Yes, we already have a range of available languages in our platform and we also have a service for adding any custom language 
Agent: https://buy.stripe.com/00g03O0Vx4iu5iw9AA
Customer: Thank you. Hope to hear you soon. Best regards
Agent: Sure, let me know if I can help you with any other details!   
Best,   
Stefan

-------------------

Conversation 175

Customer: Hi
Customer: How does it work 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 177

Customer: I need it
Customer: hotsotafd@gmail.com 
Agent: This message was deleted
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 179

Customer: Moning
Customer: Moning
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 174

Customer: Bonsoir je parle français 
Customer: J'aimerais savoir est ce que votre bot fait de la protection aussi ou seulement le support client 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Ça 
Agent: Can you speak in English?
Customer: I would like to know does your bot also do protection or only customer support
Agent: What do you mean by protection?
Customer: Closing 
Agent: Yes, it can do that too
Customer: How
Agent: You can try it yourself in our platform for free
Agent: It can call outbound leads 
Agent: And close deals 
Customer: Ok try and comme back if I have others questions 
Agent: Sure, let me know how it goes!

-------------------

Conversation 173

Customer: De quoi il s'agit ?
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 172

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 168

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We have received your payment and our team is processing Greek language
Agent: To be added to your account
Customer: hello stefan, its johnny
Customer: thank you so much broother
Agent: You are welcome! 
Customer: wanted to ask you
Agent: Do you have a whatsapp number? I could ping you there once available if you prefer whatsapp
Customer: have you been funded as a startup?
Agent: We had an investment round opened at the beginning of the year but we cancelled it and bootstrapped until now
Agent: Now we will be opening another round to accelerate growth
Customer: yeah, you have something really great
Customer: who does the marketing for you?
Agent: We have an in-house team, but we are also looking to external collaborations
Customer: lets get the greek lanuage so i start having some tests and then lets do a call if thats ok with you to see some more stuff regarding your platform. i am awarded for digital marketeer in the US and i'd really love to give so input from my end
Agent: Awesome, let’s do that! I will get back to you shortly with the Greek language and we can continue from there 🤝
Agent: Good news! Greek has been added and you should see it already in the platform
Agent: We also added some Greek voices. Make sure to write your initial message in greek (as it's read as it is written). The AI prompt you can write it in greek or english, however its more comfortable for you (the AI will talk in greek anyway)
Agent: Let me know your first feedback!
Customer: thanks a lot stefan, i will let you know once i start experimenting
Customer: do you have instagram?
Customer: in greece we dont use whatsapp so much, the market is dominated by viber
Agent: I dont use it that much :(
Customer: +306981077865
Customer: this is mine
Agent: I will ping you on Viber once I update the app
Agent: Sure, let me know your feedback
Customer: send me on whatsapp
Customer: i have whatsapp but rarely using it. still getting the notifications though so we are gonna be fine 
Agent: Great, I sent you a message there

-------------------

Conversation 162

Customer: Hi what doesn't cost me
Customer: What's the price
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: Hi is it a free App
Agent: Yes, you are billed only on usage 
Agent: No prepaid subscription 
Customer: Is it.on normal.rates
Agent: The only cost is $0.2/call minute 
Customer: Ok is it for receive and outgoing calls
Agent: For both 
Customer: Ok thanks
Agent: You are welcome 
Agent: Let me know if I can help you with anything else 
Customer: Ok

-------------------

Conversation 141

Customer: hello
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: we have a company in greece and we;re looking forward to automate customer support in greek language
Agent: Awesome! May I know the company name and what volumes of calls do you expect to automate?
Customer: we have about 2000 customers
Agent: We have an option of adding custom languages (that are not already available in our platform)
Customer: and they are calling daily. so we are searching for a solution 
Customer: i just registered on your platform and in order to test the product it asks me to get a number. could you help me with that?
Agent: You can test if for free
Agent: You can click on that button after you save your assistant
Agent: Just note that you will need to make your assistant outbound (for inbound you will need a dedicated number)
Customer: where can i find that?
Agent: In your assistant settings
Customer: oh thanks a lot
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai/assistants
Agent: Create an assistant from there (with your settings: voice, flow of conversation and other settings)
Customer: let me try it and i am getting back to you. it will be really amazing if it works well in greek, gonna become customer instantly
Agent: And after you save it you have the option to make it call you from an US random number (free)
Customer: in the language selection there in no greek though
Agent: Greek is not currently available, you can test it in english or any other available language
Agent: I checked with the team and since we have very low requests for adding Greek, we will do it mostly for your specific use case. Because of this, it will cost $49 (one time fee) to add Greek to your account. This fee does not cover all our AI trainings and effort for the new language but it will assure us of your strong intentions in collaboration with us
Customer: i see, i have tested several similar services in english but i want to find something in greek
Customer: what would it take for us to make it in greek and also choose a voice from eleven labs?
Customer: asking cause every thing we get about 200 new clients and we are mostly doing customer support for building management
Agent: We need to manually add Greek to your account (and also get your feedback afterwards regarding quality)
Agent: And for voices you will also have the option to clone your own
Agent: And use voices from elevenlabs
Customer: thats amazing
Customer: let me then test the english version first and i will get back to you
Agent: Sure! Let me know about your tests and I can help you afterwards with next queries (language, settings, tips and tricks, automations and many more)
Customer: just made the call and its super fast, i love it
Customer: the only thing is that it interrupt me and i think that happens because its super fast. when i make a small pause it immediately takes over and speaks over me
Agent: Glad you like it!
Agent: Yes, there are a lot of settings you can tweak to get your desired behaviour. Including the speed of response
Customer: is there any way to put knowledge base into that thing so it knows how to answer based on my business?
Agent: Also please note that the flow (conversation path and call objective) is set in the system prompt. We have various templates to help you start from somewhere and personalise it using your own specification (your company name, details about it and so on)
Agent: We have a feature for that which will come publicly available next week. Until then you can share with me your documents and I can attach it to the AI using our internal tools
Agent: Also if you dont have a lot of info, you can paste text directly in the system prompt (it has max limit of 100.000 words)
Customer: thats cool. i want to ask you, would it be impossible to do a call to discuss some more information about that?
Customer: we are really looking forward to implement this if it works well
Agent: sure
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Agent: Feel free to book a call here
Customer: thank you so much will do it for sure. 
Customer: at the moment we are using aircall for our call
Customer: call center. is there any way that the customer call there and to speak with autocalls assistant?
Agent: I will check with the team if we can integrate with Aircall
Agent: Most call dialers use SIP which will make it possible to connect, but will need to check with the team
Customer: last question and i will let yo continue
Customer: how much do you think it might cost on a monthly basis?
Agent: Also we can add custom numbers like Greece (without any cost)
Agent: But it will require your company documents for the dilligence process and takes about 24hours to provision 
Customer: thats not a problem
Agent: It depends on your volume, how many calls are you having now per month?
Agent: And whats the average duration
Customer: 150 per day
Customer: 4mins average
Customer: so 3000 per month 4 mins average duration
Agent: We have only one cost of $0.2/call minute (rounded to the seconds)
Agent: So you will pay only what you actually use
Customer: i see
Agent: If you call is 1.5 minutes, it will be billed as 0.3 instead of 0.4
Customer: and if the assistant is not able to assist the customer, can the call be redirected to a human agent?
Agent: Yes, definetly
Agent: We have a tool in the assistant settings to transfer the call to a real human number
Agent: And you specify when to use that tool
Agent: Like when its not sure about a response or when the customer specifically asks for that
Customer: the product looks amazing, congrats, i really hope it can help us
Agent: You can also integrate it with calendars if you want to allow your customers to book appointments
Customer: i will continue the testing in english and i'll book a call as well
Customer: thank you so much stefan. looking forward to using it
Agent: Sure, thank you too! Looking forward to our call to learn more about your flows!
Customer: stefan quick question
Customer: is there any way i can put a another number so i can make a test call to my colleague?
Agent: Sure, tell me
Customer: cause now i have veriied only my number
Agent: You will have to verify it first like you did with your own 
Customer: yes
Agent: This is because your are using our free numbers which require validation first 
Customer: but i cant find how to verify another one
Agent: If you get any dedicated number you will not need to do this anymore and also you can do inbound (you call the ai instead of the opposite)
Customer: yeah i get it
Customer: but where can i add the other number?
Agent: When you click the button to make the call you can put your colleagues number 
Agent: And then ask them to give you the OTP code 
Agent: Sorry, it must have been changed 
Customer: so i cannot do it now?
Agent: Only with a dedicated number 
Agent: What I can do is delete your validate number 
Agent: And validate again your colleague number 
Customer: yes please
Customer: and also, do i get to a paid subsciption if i just add credits or is there another thing that i  should do?
Agent: You will be switched to premium automatically if you add more credits
Agent: We dont have any fixed subscription to use the platform. Its only credits and dedicated phone numbers
Agent: I have deleted your verified number
Agent: Please try again now with your colleague number
Customer: i see, let me check 
Customer: stefan thank you so much man. i will create another free account to add my phone so i can do some more testing and from monday we will buy more credits from our business email so we can start a pilot use
Customer: how much money will we need to add in order to get the greek voice?
Agent: You are welcome!
Agent: The price for custom languages is usually $49. But to help you start out, we can add Greek (including feedback phase and so on) if you credit your account with $100 This way the amount will be 100% used for your own usage while still having a custom language
Agent: Did your colleague like the AI too?
Customer: he had the same problem with interruptions but i changed the model to normal speed and it goes better 
Customer: my only concern is to see how it will handle greek language 
Agent: It will handle it the same as english
Agent: And if you are familiar with Elevenlabs you can already expect the quality of the voice
Agent: You can try disabling "use fillers" too to make the AI respond slower
Customer: oh so it will probably be fine
Agent: From the advanced settings
Customer: thank you stefan, i will do some more tests and we'll get back to you during the week
Agent: Sure, let me know your updates regarding your tests so you get the best results
Agent: Have a great weekend! Keep in touch
Customer: you too man! thanks again for your time
Agent: My pleasure!

-------------------

Conversation 140

Customer: مرحبا
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 

-------------------

Conversation 139

Customer: Yes
Customer: What is this
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: What about this? 
Customer: Hello
Agent: It’s a platform for deploying voice AI agents on phone calls 
Customer: Describe plz more
Agent: It’s written on our website and you can also try it for free
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai
Customer: Is this from meta? 
Agent: No, it’s our own 
Customer: May i know in urdu? 
Agent: I cannot help you

-------------------

Conversation 138

Customer: Hi can we talk on WhatsApp 
Customer: 00967774863763
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Agent: Are you there?
Customer: Could we talk Whatsapp 
Agent: What concern do you have?

-------------------

Conversation 137

Customer: Hello 
Customer: aftabrehan912@gmail.com
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 136

Customer: Hi
Customer: Call
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 134

Customer: Hello
Customer: Sir
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 133

Customer: hi 
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: i would like to set outbound campaign , all the details are in my excel at deskstop, can show me video on ho wto set 
Agent: You can import your leads using excel, yes
Customer: like how and where , can you show me step by step
Agent: Yes, I can guide you through this chat
Agent: First you will need to create and test your assistant
Agent: What flow would you like to setup?
Customer: the flow is i have a list i want to call the number from the list
Agent: yes, but what should the AI talk with the customers?
Customer: selamat sejahtera encik boleh saya bercakap dengan ( the customer name from the list) saya panggil daripada celcomdigi , sebelum saya teruskan boleh saya verify empat digit ic terakhir ( the 4 digit is in the list) . after verification is complete , terima kasih encik pihak kita akan hubungi encik balik. if its wrong number  just say menta maaf
Customer: elamat sejahtera encik boleh saya bercakap dengan ( the customer name from the list) saya panggil daripada celcomdigi , sebelum saya teruskan boleh saya verify empat digit ic terakhir ( the 4 digit is in the list) . after verification is complete , terima kasih encik pihak kita akan hubungi encik balik. if its wrong number just say menta maaf
Customer: selamat sejahtera encik boleh saya bercakap dengan ( the customer name from the list) saya panggil daripada celcomdigi , sebelum saya teruskan boleh saya verify empat digit ic terakhir ( the 4 digit is in the list) . after verification is complete , terima kasih encik pihak kita akan hubungi encik balik. if its wrong number just say menta maaf
Customer: selamat sejahtera encik boleh saya bercakap dengan ( the customer name from the list) saya panggil daripada celcomdigi , sebelum saya teruskan boleh saya verify empat digit ic terakhir ( the 4 digit is in the list) . after verification is complete , terima kasih encik pihak kita akan hubungi encik balik. if its wrong number just say menta maaf
Agent: what language do you need it to speak?
Customer: malay
Customer: do you support malaysia?
Agent: Yes, but it needs to be added
Agent: You can setup your flow in the available languages and then we will proceed with adding Malaysia too
Agent: What volumes of call do you estimate to have?
Customer: about 5000 to 10000 numbers 
Customer: the phone section dont have malaysian numbers
Customer: how to set up the flow? what and where should i click ?
Customer: do you have video ?
Agent: We can provision that aswell
Agent: yes
Customer: perfect
Agent: https://youtu.be/GbhLZ4A568E
Agent: On what period? Monthly or one time
Customer: oh stefan ia real person, i thought is a AI
Customer: im sorry for being rude stefan
Agent: No worries
Agent: We use close customer support so everyone could implement AI in their flows
Agent: We can even have a short call if you want
Customer: Hi Stefan, for the short cal can we do it tomorrow, let me explore your platform today 
Agent: Sure
Agent: Feel free to schedule it here 
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Agent: Also, let me know if I can help with any info in the meantime
Customer: Ok sure thank you
Agent: welcome!

-------------------

Conversation 132

Customer: What are the requirements for this new initiative for my Business Consulting Firm 
Customer: What are the requirements for this new initiative for my Business Consulting Firm
Customer: How do I start?

-------------------

Conversation 131

Customer: Hi
Customer: i dont recived otp in my phone
Agent: Hello
Agent: Let me check
Customer: I have register but to get call to my number 
Customer: i have check u have great platforms
Agent: Can you try again now?
Agent: Glad you like it!
Customer: Let me
Customer: I dont received
Agent: Alright, let me manually verify it for you so you can test
Agent: try to make the call now
Customer: Thanks
Customer: I test
Customer: its great 
Customer: I want to test Albanian Language 
Agent: I will forward to the team and let you know once available (starting from tomorrow). Do all your flows require Albanian or you can start with other languages in the meantime?
Customer: Our clients are in Albania, North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina , Serbia and Monte Negro
Agent: I see
Customer: Clients mean business not end users 
Customer: they have their end users clients
Agent: Alright, I will write you once Albanian is available in the platform
Agent: Would you prefer writing you an email or sending you a ping on whatsapp?
Customer: Both 
Customer: Whatsapp for short and fast email for offers and long 
Agent: Write me your whatsapp number and I will update you there first
Customer: 355694032333
Agent: Thanks!
Agent: I will get back to you with updates. Have a great day and let me know if I can help you with something else!
Customer: Thanks a lot
Customer: What is your relation with chatwoot?
Agent: I dont know the details but as far as I know we are just using it as a provider for realtime chat

-------------------

Conversation 130

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?
Customer: do you support albanian language?
Agent: It’s not in the platform but it could be added 
Agent: You can test for free our ai using the current languages and then we can add Albanian too
Customer: If Yes we can get
Customer: we have chatbot platoforma with 5000 business 
Customer: we are looking for voice call ai platforms to offer to our clients
Agent: I see
Agent: What is the name of your platform?
Agent: We also have white label
https://app.autocalls.ai/white-label
Customer: Did u integrate with Open AI api last one
Customer: live api
Agent: https://autocalls.ai/white-label
Customer: Our of our platforma is Terra but we offer also white label to other business 
Agent: At this moment the latest OpenAI model it costs way too much and it’s only working in English 
Agent: We have benchmarked it already and we will continuously will
Customer: which ai platforma u are using ?
Customer: opena ai ore Gemini?
Customer: or other
Agent: We have developed our engine starting 1 year ago 
Agent: We use open ai at base with fine tunes to handle phone calls interactions well 
Customer: great
Customer: How I cant test?
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai
Agent: You get 15 free call minutes upon signup 
Agent: And you can try our AIs
Customer: I can call also other number?
Customer: or just received calls?
Agent: You can do outbound and inbound calls 
Agent: You can setup outbound campaigns to call leads or just receive calls 
Customer: do u support sip with Albanian phone number?
Agent: But if you want to test for free you can only call your own number (which will verify with OTP) using outbound (a random US number will call you)
Customer: Great 
Agent: To call other people or receive inbound you have to rent a dedicated phone number from our platform
Agent: Yes, we can do sip integration 
Customer: i will test now
Agent: Alright, let me know how it goes! 
Customer: How I can call my self?
Customer: i have open account
Agent: After you save your assistant, click on that button 

-------------------

Conversation 129

Customer: Hii
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today?

-------------------

Conversation 128

Customer: Hello, is it possible to integrate an external Italian number already in my possession? 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: It depends, where is your current number?
Agent: What platform do you use now
Customer: Twilio
Agent: It can be added with SIP, yes
Agent: It will need to be done by our team
Customer: Ok, why do you sell Italian issues so expensive? 
Customer: Number *
Agent: This is the price from twilio
Agent: And also all the documents are handled by us
Customer: Really? 
Agent: yes
Agent: let me check
Agent: This is from twilio
Agent: We dont have any markup, the difference may be from taxes
Agent: but its still expensive on twilio too
Customer: Oh, ok. Sorry
Customer: I would like to complete the creation of an assistant but I can't because I haven't purchased a number yet, is it possible to test a provisional number? 
Customer: Can you also connect an Italian toll-free number? 
Agent: You can test for free, yes
Agent: Click on that button in your assistant settings.
Agent: We can do it, but it will require to validate your company documents before
Customer: Perfect thank you. 
Customer: What documents do I need for validation? 
Agent: I can check with the team. But first you can try it like it is and let me know your feedback
Agent: If you dont assign a number, make sure to make your assistant as outbound
Customer: Ok thank you. I like it a lot, unfortunately the costs are high 
Agent: What costs?
Agent: per minute?
Customer: The costs of having the white label
Agent: You dont need it
Agent: You can signup for free and you pay only what you use
Agent: Usage based
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai
Customer: Yes, I know, but I want to resell the service to my customers 
Customer: Are there any additional costs to set up the toll-free number? 
Customer: I can't talk to my assistant because I have to save it first, but I can't save it because I can't enter a phone number
Agent: You need to make it as outbound
Agent: And you can save it then
Agent: You can resell it without white label if you dont need to give an interface to your customers
Agent: You can setup the flows and bill your clients a fixed retainer per month or something
Agent: No extra costs, we will take care of this process for you
Customer: And how do I know my customers' consumption? Thank you. 
Agent: You can see it in your account
Agent: If you go on the route to have your account only and resell to your customers
Agent: You can see costs per campaign
Customer: Ok, I didn't understand how I can get paid first.
Customer: If I create a campaign, I can't set the maximum conversation minute limit
Agent: You will bill your customers manually
Agent: Only with whitelabel you can have automated billing and customised platform
Customer: A customer could be called 24 hours a day and not pay me at the end of the month
Agent: You can bill a monthly subscription before with included minutes
Customer: Ah ok, so if it exceeds those minutes it can no longer receive or make calls, right?  
Agent: You can monitor and estimate and close their campaign
Customer: Manually? 
Agent: White label is for automating all this process. If you want to do it for free, you will have to manually monitor your customers usage
Customer: If I start like this, will I be able to upgrade to a white label agency without losing the data in the account? 
Agent: yes
Customer: Is the whitelabel platform only in English or can it be natively translated into Italian? 
Agent: It will be in english
Agent: I will check with the team if we can add a new language
Agent: But most probably we can add italian too, so no worries
Agent: It will take aprox. 1 week to add after you deploy your white label platform
Customer: Ok. Thank you. Can't I send WhatsApp messages through Automation? 
Agent: You can send SMS
Agent: Whatsapp I don’t think it possible because of their platform. WhatsApp does not allow
Customer: I'm creating an Automation that sends a link at the end of the call, I have to send it by sms or email, right? 
Agent: Yes, you can use automate platform for both 
Customer: Oh I found also whatsapp business, or am I missing something? 
Agent: You will need to link your whatsapp business if you have an account
Customer: If I don't connect any phone number I can still use it, right? 
Customer: The number what's business app I linked to
Customer: Will it be able to use it on my smartphone? 
Customer: How much do you recommend I sell a campaign? 
Agent: Only for yourself
Agent: You can only call your number that you verified with OTP
Agent: You cannot do campaigns. You need a dedicated number for that. But any number (US, UK, IT, and so on) can call anywhere in the world. So if IT is expensive, you can get an UK one and call your clients from IT. But IT number will be best as your customers will recognise it
Customer: In the next updates, are you planning to integrate fluent crm for WordPress? 
Customer: And fluent form? 
Agent: I will forward to the team and check with them
Agent: And I will let you know
Customer: Thank you. Can I integrate the chat "chat with your assistant" on my website? 
Agent: It will be possible soon, yes!
Customer: What about this? 
Customer: And this? 
Agent: For your clients? It depends on the flow
Agent: And your customer

-------------------

Conversation 127

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! I am Stefan, how can I help you today? 
Customer: Dear I have already phone number 
Customer: Can I register it
Agent: Where?
Customer: Dear can we make a call for better assistance and results 
Customer: +923035712227
Customer: +447933872020
Customer: Is it possible 
Agent: I cannot call you at this moment
Agent: We can setup a call here if you want
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: Ok bye you can't assist me

-------------------

Conversation 126

Customer: What’s your pricing 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: $0.2/call minute
Agent: Thats all, no subscription. You only pay for what you consume

-------------------

Conversation 102

Customer: Hi.
Some  questions

1. The demo you have. Does that show the actual response time in answers or is this edited

2. Do you support danish ? if so where can I see/test that

3. Do you integrate with Pabbly Connect

4. How do I set a number for support with you ? will I need to get a new one. Can a skype number be used

5. Can you do outbound sales calls for me ?
How do you train the agent in the sales calls for different countries and their coluture
Agent: Hello!
Customer: hi
Agent: 1. Yes, the demo is real and you can try it for yourself for free in our platform
Agent: 2. We can add support for danish, yes
Customer: Last question. Your price is almost 5 times the price of callfluent. How is that ?
Agent: 3. We dont have pabbly but we have a lot of popular tools that could be used as a middleware.  Also, it can be added since we have API
Customer: Pabbly is like Zapier just much cheaper
Agent: Our price is $0.2/call minute and its the only cost. On CallFluent you have other hidden costs, thats why
Agent: We have our automate platform as well which is similar to zapier/make
Customer: ok. You are thinking like twillo ?
Agent: and its free
Customer: looking forward to the rest of your reply to my questions. It sounds good
Agent: 4. Phone numbers can be provisioned directly from our platform. You can get numbers from various regions
Agent: We can integrate with other providers aswell, if you have your own PBX provider for example
Customer: are numbers an added cost ?
Agent: 5. Our platform can handle both inbound/outbound calls. You can setup campaingns where you can add leads and it will make calls
Agent: 6. There is no need for training. You specify the objective and "call-script" of the call in natural language and the AI will behave based on that
Customer: cool. How about training on my software for customer support ?
Agent: Yes, the only costs are $0.2/ call minute and $3.99/dedicated phone number
Customer: 3.99 pr. minute ?
Agent: noo
Agent: per month
Customer: haha ok. My heart stopped :-)
Agent: We have various prompts that you can use to start your flow from. Then you can update them according to your needs
Agent: You can also upload documents like SOPs from your company, terms and conditions and so on
Agent: And the AI will respond based on those
Customer: ok. Can it guides users to links on webpages or send them mails with info ?

even beter get their email and add them to our newsletter `
Agent: You can setup that kind of flow, yes
Agent: Also on SMS too
Customer: what happends if a user calls our danish number and speaks Hindi ?
Agent: We have a feature in progress for auto language detection. Now you have to specify the language of the AI before
Customer: ok. so in a short time I can use 1 number for all support ?
Agent: Yes
Customer: I would rather not buy 54 numbers, which os the læanguages we support :-)
Agent: Yes, definetly
Agent: Also one phone number can sustain multiple calls in parallel
Agent: So if you have 100 calls in parallel you dont need 100 phone numbers
Customer: right now we are very small but I would like to be ready to scale fast
Agent: Yes, we are constantly upgrading our systems
Customer: I spend all my money building the software (200.000 EUR) and everything is bootstrapped so I have to pay attenstion but at the same time be better than the competition and support is one of the things I want to be best in
Customer: But you say its free to register and set it all up and test it (any included minutes for testing)
Agent: Totally agree
Agent: Yes, you get 15 free call minutes upon signup
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai
Agent: Also
Agent: If you want, we can move our conversation to whatsapp or what is more convenient for you to keep closer
Customer: whats the price of sending an sms ?
Agent: This way I can help you setup your AI, add Danish and other queries
Customer: sure. Iøm on Whatsapp
Agent: It depends on the region that sends to the destination region
Customer: most expensive vs cheapest ?
Agent: on average is $0.0079 for example for US
Customer: cool
Customer: what do you need for whatsapp from me ?
Agent: you can send me your number and I will ping you there
Customer: +4540313417
Customer: how old is your company ?
Agent: Autocalls started last year but its part of our larger company heap.services. At Heap we do custom software development since 6 years
Customer: I can see that you dont have numbers for Denmark. Thats sad as this is my startup market
Agent: Let me check with the team
Customer: Also. I cant select Danish for incomming support agents
Agent: Denmark is not showing because it has a different price. Its $15.00/mo :(
Agent: This is a cost coming from our carriers
Customer: typical danish. Everyting is more expensive here.
But its possible ?
Customer: And they support SMS ?
Agent: Yes, definetly possible
Customer: And what about selecting country and danish voices ?=
Agent: Let me check
Agent: Its SMS capable too :)
Customer: and sms price ?
Customer: but language and voice is most important :-)
Agent: $0.0524/sms
Agent: I will forward to the team and update you once added. The reason we add voices one by one is that we need feedback from our customers before making it available
Agent: Usually it takes 30 mins
Customer: ahh ok. I have created an account
Customer: email is lennart@conzent.net (via Google signup)
Agent: Alright, will update you in few once danish is available to select
Customer: ok. Ping me on whatsapp. I'll run now
Customer: thanks for your time
Agent: Sure, you are welcome. Will update you on WhatsApp 

-------------------

Conversation 96

Customer: Can the Ai Phone Call be outbound? Where I provide a list of phone numbers for it to call? The numbers would be in the US
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Yes, definitely 
Agent: You can create campaigns for outbound calling as well 
Agent: And you can call using an US number too. So your customers will get a call from a familiar phone number 
Customer: Do I have to train the AI Agent or is it connected to an LLM already?
Agent: Everything is already connected and configured 
Agent: From phone infrastructure, voices, llms
Agent: You can get started in 3 mins 
Agent: You can define de prompt of the ai (the call script, call objective) and also inject it with data from documents 
Agent: If you have FAQs, procedures and so on
Agent: And for the voices you can pick what we already have available or clone your own
Customer: Very exciting
Customer: How do I test the tool?
Agent: https://app.autocalls.ai
Agent: You can test it for free, you get 15 call minutes upon signup 
Agent: I am also here if you need support/guidance setting up your AI
Customer: Stefan - the big question: Are you an AI chatbot?
Agent: Nope
Agent: I’m as real as it gets :)
Customer: lol I had to ask. Great support - I really appreciate it. I'm signing up right now. 
Customer: We are looking to scale our outbound calls, an AI agent to be our virtual receptionist as well.
Agent: Thank you, let me know how it goes
Agent: Great! Our AI could help you with both flows
Agent: You can connect it to your team calendar and book appointments too 
Customer: Exciting. The video demo had a low latency which was really nice to see. I hate the delay in between responses. Doesn't feel natural. 
Customer: What is the price?
Agent: Its $0.2/minute. Thats it
Agent: You only pay for what you use
Agent: And $3.99/mo for a dedicated phone number
Agent: A phone number can handle 1 inbound assistant and unlimited outbound. If you have 10 calls in parallel you dont need 10 phone numbers. One will work just fine
Customer: That's really good to know. 
Customer: Do you have a guide (step by step guide0 on how to create an outbound campaign? That way I can run a test
Customer: btw, great tool and great design work on it. Impressive
Agent: Glad you like it!
Agent: You may start by creating an assistant make free test calls to yourself
Agent: After everything is in place, you may continue with the campaign setup
Agent: I can guide you through that in a short call if that would work for you
Agent: Feel free to book it here once you feel like it will be helpful
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: Going to prepare for my meeting but I'll play around with it this afternoon. 
Customer: Is the AI able to leave voice mails by any chance?
Agent: We have a feature that is currently in development for this
Agent: Soon it will be available in the platform
Customer: Voicemail definetely is of interest for us. 70% of all calls we make (inbound or outbound) result in a Voicemail. Reducing that time would save a lot of labour cost. 

Stefan - I have to admit i'm impressed. Really appreciate your time and help. I'll test the platform out and reach out if I have questions
Agent: Sure, let me know how it goes and we keep in touch.   
Good luck on your meeting!
Customer: Quick question - in "System Prompt" is there a limit to how much I can put in it? I did the B2B Sales template for project manager.

Is the System prompt what is used to train the agent? 
Agent: Yes, system prompt is used to train the ai 
Agent: Depending on the ai engine, you can input as much as 100k words 
Agent: So the limit is pretty high 

-------------------

Conversation 86

Customer: Hi
Customer: How much per month 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: Our pricing is based on usage. So you spend only what you use 
Agent: No fixed subscription 

-------------------

Conversation 87

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello! How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 81

Customer: I was doing some test calls and notice the system hangs up mid call or goes silent. I wanted to do a couple more test calls to determine the quality of your platform before I subscribe. Could add 5min for to try out the system.
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We have a sensibility slider that will come in the platform in the next release 
Agent: Sure
Agent: One moment 
Customer: And can I change the rate of speech the AI speaks at?
Agent: Please check your account now
Customer: Awesome! Thank you
Agent: You can play with the voice settings, choose another voice or even clone your own
Customer: What language model is your platform using?
Agent: If you clone or use a voice that has a higher speech rate it will reflect in the conversation
Customer: I see
Agent: We are using open ai (which is the best) at base and trained on phone calls
Customer: Ok, cool
Agent: You can play with fillers, engines types and more to achieve the best results
Agent: Also the key is in the prompt. I can help you write a good prompt ready for production
Customer: I was trying out Vapi and it's pretty good just has a little more learning curve when comes to making outbound calls.
Agent: Yes, its more developer savvy oriented
Customer: Ok, that's great to hear
Agent: Our main goal is to make it as easier as possible for our clients
Agent: Thats why we also have close support as a priority
Customer: Yes, that will help a lot
Customer: So far, based on the few testing that I have done.. it sounds good! However, I'm wanting the voice to be a little more natural. I have noticed that you guys using Eleven Labs voice which is great!
Agent: Yes, its the best provider in the market
Agent: We offer top quality providers and also at the best cost since we get discounts for volumes
Customer: Anyway, if I can get the voice to be a little better in delivery then I'm sold. I am also trying out simpletalk. I do like theirs however they are a little too expensive.
Customer: So, I'm trying to give your platform a chance.
Agent: Start by switching the voice, use the voice sliders for adjustments or even try cloning
Agent: We can definitely explore tweaks together so you get the best results
Agent: Also there is no subscription model on our platform
Customer: That was my next question... which I did notice that on your site.
Customer: That's great!\
Agent: Its usage based only and subscriptions for dedicated phone numbers
Customer: ok
Agent: You can use a single phone number and do tens of parallel outbound calls
Agent: You dont need 10 numbers to call 10 people in parallel 
Agent: same for inbound
Customer: ok
Customer: cool!
Customer: Ok, let a few more test calls and tweaking from my end. I'll let you know my feedback. Thank you for your time.
Agent: Sure, let me know and we will see from there
Agent: If the AI doesnt respond (as you mentioned) try repeating the phrase clearer or louder
Customer: ok
Agent: Its not because of delay, its because its sensibility. In real case scenarios people have background noise/people talking in the background
Agent: And now its set up to work best in production calls. But as I mentioned this setting will become available in the platform to tweak
Customer: Sensibility meaning that it just waiting for response?
Agent: Nono, sensibility on the recognition of client response 
Customer: ok
Customer: Ok, I did a couple test calls. And both calls I made eventually ended prematurely. I responded to the assistant a few times before the assistant responded back on the first call. And on the second call it didn't respond rather eventually ending the call.
Agent: Let me check 
Agent: Hello! I hope you are doing well
Agent: Just letting you know that now you will see this configuration available in the assistant settings 
Agent: Turning voice activity detection off will fix the issue you have described
Agent: Also, I have added more credits to your account so you can test. Let me know how it goes
Customer: I appreciated... I will do some testing tomorrow when I get some time.
Agent: Sure, let me know!
Customer: Will do

-------------------

Conversation 83

Customer: yes it works

-------------------

Conversation 82

Customer: how add a free phone nulber to test 
Customer: phone number
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can click this button and the AI will call you from an US random phone number
Agent: For free
Agent: You will need to verify your phone number by OTP code received on your phone
Agent: You will need to do this one time. Its a safety protection for spam calls
Customer: OK THKS
Agent: Did it work?

-------------------

Conversation 79

Customer: hey there 
Customer: hey
Agent: Hello
Agent: How can I help you

-------------------

Conversation 78

Customer: سلام 
Customer: Sara.vatandost476@gmail.com
Agent: Hello! How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 77

Customer: vilka delar finns det på en vattenkokare
Agent: Hello! How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 76

Customer: what does invalid array length mean
Agent: Buna, Andra!
Agent: Imi poti trimite un screenshot?
Customer: okay
Customer: acum ma uitam peste templates, dar ce m-ar interesa sa fac e un flow care ar realiza call-uri la leads adunate intr-un document google sheets 
Agent: Da, se poate face
Agent: Va trebui sa definesti un trigger the google sheets
Customer: cred ca am reusit - la generate sample data nu prea inteleg ce sa fac 
Customer: si acele result 1, result 2, ...
Agent: Ne putem auzi intr-un scurt call daca este util
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: nu am casti acum - in ce interval orar esti disponibil?
Agent: Numarul trebuie sa fie in format international
Agent: adica +40741926265
Customer: aaa, okay, voi modifica, mersi
Agent: poti programa direct de aici https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: super, mersi mult!!
Agent: cu placere!
Agent: Intre timp imi poti scrie aici daca te pot ajuta cu integrari/flow
Customer: okay!

-------------------

Conversation 75

Customer: Ciao buongiorno Ho bisogno del vostro assistenza
Agent: Hello!
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: I'm not able to set up support, I want to try with the first call can you help me?
Agent: You can make a test call and make the AI call you 
Customer: could you help me to configure better that I need that the assistance speaks only in the Italian language in addition we go of the services so the assistance must call the customer that we live the numbers and must propose them the offer that we can give them we serve the accept it must only retrieve two data and the assistance must say that they will call you my colleague to confirm the contract
Customer: ?
Agent: Few moments please
Agent: Have you tried to configure your assistant already? I could look into iy
Agent: it*
Agent: You should set an italian initial message first

-------------------

Conversation 74

Customer: Can i connect an existing phone number?
Agent: Hello!
Customer: Can i connect an existing phone number?
Agent: All numbers are managed by our platform
Agent: And right now you cannot connect your twilio account
Agent: But, note that we do not have any margin on twilio
Agent: So if twilio bills you $1 on your account, it will be the same by using Autocalls infrastructure
Agent: If you need numbers from regions we do not currently have available, we can provision those for you
Customer: I want to connect my own phone number bro
Agent: You cannot do it. May I know your specific use case that requires this?
Customer: Cold calling for my agency
Agent: I see
Agent: Let me know if I can help you and guide you to achieve your best results

-------------------

Conversation 72

Customer: Cómo puedo agregar un numero español?
Customer: how can y get a number of spain?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: We can provide custom region numbers 
Agent: Let me check if we can add Spain in the platform 
Customer: perfect!
Customer: and I have a few questions.. can i send you? (sorry for my english)
Agent: Of courses 
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: Hello! Let me explain. We are a marketing agency, and for the past 10 years, we’ve had a sales team handling phone calls.

For the past two years, we’ve been working with pre-recorded messages. These are automated calls where, if the user is interested in the message, they press 1 on their phone and are transferred to one of our agents.

A few weeks ago, we started working with a customized AI agent, but we weren’t getting the support we needed, so we’re now looking for alternatives.

What we need is an AI agent that can make outbound calls offering our services based on the prompt we’ve configured. The idea is that it should be able to transfer the call to us in the same way if there is interest. Essentially, we need to make outbound calls to thousands of contacts every day.

Currently, using the pre-recorded messages, we make between 5,000 and 10,000 calls.

We want to know if we can do this: create and manage outbound campaigns with personalized agents.

To give you an idea…

Let me know if you need any adjustments or further details!
Customer: Can I get disscount for more minutes? Today a expend $300 for day in voximplant
Agent: Yes! We can do everything listed above 
Agent: And support is one of our priorities
Agent: Would you like to schedule a call and discuss further?
Agent: You can also create your first ai in the platform until then 
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: Yes.. but my english is so bab.. how can we do it?
Agent: We can do it over text if it’s more comfortable for you. I can assist your journey in the platform and help you with info, tips and tricks and more 
Customer: better for me ;)
Agent: We can even connect on WhatsApp if it easier and chat there 
Customer: Now I need to try de voice AI Assistant in spanish
Agent: If you send me your phone number I will ping you there 
Customer: Whatsapp?
Customer: +34633170439

-------------------

Conversation 71

Customer: Hi
Agent: Hello!
Agent: How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 70

Customer: Hi
Do you only have a solution for inbound calls? Or do you have a solution for outbound calls as well?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: You can use it for both inbound and outbound
Customer: that's odd, I cant find anything on your site about outbound calls. Can you send me info please?
Agent: sure
Agent: click on this link and then on the highlighted button

<https://autocalls.ai/#use-cases>
Customer: I see
$0.20/min is fixed price no matter what? We would have to make thousands of calls per month. Are there discounts at scale?
Agent: Yes, we have discounts for large volumes of calls
Agent: What flows are you looking to automate?
Customer: reconfirming hotel bookings 
Agent: I see
Agent: You can give it a try for free in our platform
Agent: And also you can schedule a call with us here
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: thanks
Agent: We can have a chat and help you achieve the best results with your agents. And also discuss about volumes
Agent: For discounts

-------------------

Conversation 68

Customer: book a demo
Agent: Hello!
Customer: Hi, can I book a demo for your service?
Agent: Sure
Agent: You can schedule our call here
Agent: https://cal.com/autocalls/autocalls-introduction
Customer: Your availability is extremely early for me, do you have later options?
Agent: What time and date will work best for you?
Agent: including timezone
Agent: I can send you an invite on the email
Customer: Thursday at 11:30am est.
Customer: Please include patrick@resolvepay.com at the invite
Agent: Let me check
Agent: Its alright, I will send you the invite now
Agent: One moment
Agent: I have sent the invite
Agent: Did you received it?
Customer: Yes, we should do it a 30 min call though.
Customer: I have another meeting at 12..
Agent: No worries, it was the default setting
Agent: I will update now
Agent: Done
Customer: Do you have API docs my engineer is able to to look at before the call?
Agent: https://docs.autocalls.ai/introduction
Agent: We have it here, but a test on the platform itself will give your engineers a better view
Agent: Upon creation accounts receive free call minutes
Agent: So they can test for free
Customer: Noted, thank you!
Agent: Welcome!
Agent: If I can help you with anything else, let me know here or on the email. Otherwise, we look forward to our meeting on Thursday!
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Thank you too. Have a great day ahead 🙏

-------------------

Conversation 65

Customer: your system works for inbound calling?
Agent: Hello
Agent: Yes, you can use it for both inbound and outbound calls
Customer: ok, we live in Puerto Rico, do you have telephone 787 extension?
Agent: One moment please
Customer: ok
Agent: Yes
Agent: Currently the phone numbers are not displayed in the platform but we can add them to be available for renting
Agent: Would you like to push this request to our team?
Customer: ok perfect!
Customer: yes 
Customer: your system can transfer the call to an human?
Agent: Great, I shared this with the team and will let you know once available
Agent: Yes, it can transfer the call to a human phone number
Customer: can I use my Eleven Labs voices?
Agent: Yes, you will have to provide us the voices ID and we will make them available in the platform for you
Customer: perfect!
Customer: do you have white label options?
Agent: We are currently in development for a while label platform which will be available in few weeks
Customer: wonderful
Customer: we like to try !
Agent: Thats great to hear! I will update you regarding the while label too
Agent: Would you like to move the conversation on whatsapp to keep in touch better or should I email you?
Agent: Good news! Puerto rico numbers are now available in the platform
Agent: Let me know if I can help you further

-------------------

Conversation 63

Customer: Can you sin

-------------------

Conversation 62

Customer: Hey 
Customer: Berrypiladia@gmail.com 
Customer: That is my email 
Agent: Hello!
Agent: How can I help you?

-------------------

Conversation 61

Customer: Just to double confirm if the leads given or the phone numbers are just from limited countries? Can't use Malaysian numbers?
Agent: You can make calls anywhere in the world
Agent: Regarding dedicates phone numbers, let me check with the team if we can add Malaysian too
Customer: Okay
Agent: For Malaysia the carriers require documents to be validated before we can provision a phone number for you
Customer: Can I know what documents needed
Agent: We handle this process by collecting the required documents from you and then handling the process 
Agent: Sure 
Agent: Do you want to register as an individual or business?
Customer: Business
Agent: Business registration showing local address should be sufficient
Agent: https://tally.so/r/nGDRee
Agent: This is where you can submit your documents to the team

-------------------

Conversation 60

Customer: I will like to use the voice bot for the telemarketing in my company. Can I know that can we connect leads given for example leads only for Malaysian numbers to call with a given speech based on a script and linked to a a power dialer that can call 5 to 10 numbers at the same time and the voice bot will answer and talk till the customer apply and can send email or WhatsApp. Can I even know if the voice bot can be integrated or linked to Chat GPT.
Agent: Hello
Agent: All of the above can be done through our platform 
Customer: Wow,that is good to hear
Agent: You can try it for free and see how it goes 
Customer: Can I know more about the pricing 
Agent: Its $0.2/call minute 
Agent: And you pay only what you consume 
Agent: And 3.99/mo for a dedicated phone number 
Agent: With the same number you can do dozens of calls in parallel 
Agent: That’s all, no platform subscriptions or hidden costs 
Customer: Wow,that sound interesting

-------------------

Conversation 57

Customer: How do I make a call?
Agent: Hello
Agent: Have you created your assistant first?

-------------------

Conversation 25

Customer: how do i get help with your product, i can't get the calendar to integrate properly
Agent: Hello! 
Agent: What is the issue you are encountering? 
Agent: I checked your account, it seems like you entered a wrong event id value. 
Agent: In cal.com, click on the event you want your AI to use, and in the URL copy that number (yours will be different) and paste it in your AI configuration
Agent: This will fix your issue
Agent: We can connect on Whatsapp too to keep the conversation closer if is more convenient for you

-------------------

Conversation 18

Customer: Hello. I have 2 questions:

1. Can I bring my own Twilio numbers to the platform?
2. Can I can't see the option for numbers in the following countries and want to know when these will be available on the platform: Australia, South Africa, Ireland,
Customer: One other question, do you have Assistant templates for any of the Industries indicated on your website?
Agent: Hello!
Agent: 1. We are planning to offer twilio integration to bring your numbers. Right now we manage the twilio part because we want to provide our users the easiest way to get started. What we did for previous clients, is we provisioned phone numbers that are not available in our platform based on their documentation required by Twilio.

2. Australia will be coming today/tomorrow in the platform. For South Africa/Ireland it will need you to send us the required docs by twilio and provision those for you. Another way is to connect your twilio account when this feature will be launched (currently is in development, maybe a week or so until launched).
Agent: Regarding templates, they are coming too. But for faster cooperation, we can connect on Whatsapp or other platform where we can keep closer and help you directly with templates for your own flow + the phone numbers discussion above
Agent: +40741926265 is my Whatsapp phone number, feel free to write me there and I will closely guide you with your assistant/twilio

-------------------

Conversation 16

Customer: hello. 
Agent: Hello
Customer: Salut Stefan. As vrea sa implementez serviciul vostru pe oncosmetics.com
Customer: Ne putem auzi la un telefon?
Customer: Am cateva intrebari mai specifice. 
Customer: mersi
Agent: Salutare
Agent: Sigur, ma poti contacta la numarul de telefon +40 741 926 265
Customer: Mersi mult de informatii. 
Agent: Cu placere!
Agent: https://crawlee.dev/
Agent: Este tool-ul pentru scrape
Customer: Super. Mersi si zi faina. 
Agent: Multumesc, asemenea!
Agent: Salutare
Customer: La "Save assistant"
Agent: Avem un mic downtime
Customer: ok
Customer: ma joc mai tarziu. 
Agent: Revin cu update
Agent: Situatia a fost remediata

-------------------

Conversation 14

Customer: hola, puedo hacer llamadas a ecuador con los números que se adquieren?
Agent: Hello
Agent: Yes, you can 
Agent: What flow would you like to automate?
Customer: I need to make collection calls and customer service, what would be the price for Ecuador?
Agent: It’s $3.99/month to rent a dedicate phone number, and $0.2 per call minute
Agent: Dedicated*
Agent: Could you kindly tell us how did you find Autocalls? We are trying to improve our marketing efforts 
Customer: ok I'm going to do some tests, if I have any questions I'll ask you for help
Customer: I found them asking openai for help
Agent: I see, thanks. Let me know if I can help you further. We can even add local phone numbers from your region and other languages on your request 
Customer: How would I add my local numbers, what requirements do I need?
Agent: We can add the possibility for free to choose and rent a phone number from Ecuador (at the same cost of $3.99/mo). For that we will need few documents showing a local address for individual/business (like a receipt, invoice)
Agent: You can develop your AI first (I can help you if needed) and if you are satisfied with the results after testing (from an US phone number), we can proceed with the local Ecuador phone number 
Customer: Of course I would send you the documentation, can you help me with something, I need the agent's language in Latin American Spanish, is that possible?
Agent: Yes, it is possible, but it will take a few hours to see it there. We can connect on LinkedIn if you would like to keep the discussion closer, and in the meantime you can try it using English
Agent: https://www.linkedin.com/in/stefanpetrea
Customer: I don't wear that red one much, maybe we can chat on WhatsApp?
Agent: Sure 
Agent: What is your whatsapp number?
Customer: 593979350755
Agent: Sent you a message
Customer: When you make the changes to Latin American Spanish, let me know so I can do tests, please.
Customer: ok
Agent: Did you received?
Customer: yes
Customer: let's talk there
Agent: Sure, I will just let you know asap when you can select Latin American Spanish 
Customer: tankyou

-------------------

Conversation 12

Customer: Any support?
Agent: Hello
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: There is a free minutes here?
Customer: Whats the used of it? 
Customer: Do i need to buy numbers? To be able to used it?
Agent: What flow are you thinking about of automating?
Customer: Automating and auto dialer
Customer: I want to experience how this works.
Agent: Automating what flow specifically?
Customer: Example there someone will answer for me. And transfer calls to me.
Customer: Or i will call the client
Customer: Something like that
Customer: Vice versa 
Agent: Unfortunately you wont be able to do this flow
Customer: Im looking at the website.
Customer: How can i try this?
Customer: Im wondering 
Customer: Ive seen this tutorial with assistant.
Agent: You cant
Customer: Feature disabled for now
Due to abuse, this feature will require to confirm your phone number before making a test
Customer: Whats this? Im try the assistant to call my colleague in USA
Agent: You could do it in 3 days
Agent: So check back later
Agent: Thanks for understanding
Customer: So I'll be back in 3 days.
Customer: Hmmm

-------------------

Conversation 11

Customer: Hello
Agent: Hello
Customer: Why the call in assistant is always 1.46minutes
Customer: And automatically drop? Any settings that i can configure to make it longer?
Agent: What is the reason of making these non sense calls?
Agent: Toll fraud?
Agent: Tell me, what is the reason?

-------------------

